Agrocybe lazoi is a species of agaric fungus in the family Strophariaceae. Found in Chile, it was described as new to science by mycologist Rolf Singer in 1969.
Agrocybe lazoi in Index Fungorum
Mareth museum is a military museum, in Mareth. Located between Gabes and Medenine, the Mareth line museum deals with the Second World War history. Indeed, in March 1943, Rommel used this bunker line to resist the Montgomery's VIIIth army advance.
Enticho (also known as Ahiferom) is one of woredas in the Tigray Region of Ethiopia. Part of the Mehakelegnaw Zone, Enticho is bordered on the south by Werie Lehe, on the southwest by Adwa, on the west by Mereb Lehe, on the north by Eritrea, and on the east by the Misraqawi (Eastern) Zone. The administrative center of this woreda is Enticho; other towns in Enticho include Edaga Arbi, and Gerhusernay. Ancient monastery of Debre Damo is also located in Enticho.
Prominent high points in this woreda include Amba Senayt, which R.S. Whiteway identifies as the location of the Battle of Baçente, where Cristóvão da Gama in 1542 enjoyed his first victory over his Moslem foe.
Based on the 2007 national census conducted by the Central Statistical Agency of Ethiopia (CSA), this woreda has a total population of 173,700, an increase of 32.43% over the 1994 census, of whom 84,014 are men and 89,686 women; 23,421 or 13.48% are urban inhabitants. With an area of 2,367.84 square kilometers, Enticho has a population density of 73.36, which is greater than the Zone average of 56.29 persons per square kilometer. A total of 38,934 households were counted in this woreda, resulting in an average of 4.46 persons to a household, and 37,483 housing units. The majority of the inhabitants said they practiced Ethiopian Orthodox Christianity, with 97.76% reporting that as their religion, while 2.22% of the population were Muslim.
The 1994 national census reported a total population for this woreda of 105,814, of whom 51,871 were men and 53,943 were women; 12,375 or 11.7% of its population were urban dwellers. The two largest ethnic groups reported in Abergele were the Tigrayan (99.5%), and the Amhara (0.3%); all other ethnic groups made up 0.2% of the population. Tigrinya was spoken as a first language by 99.44%, and 0.44% spoke Amharic; the remaining 0.12% spoke all other primary languages reported. 99.32% of the population practiced Ethiopian Orthodox Christianity, and 0.41% were Muslim. Concerning education, 13.64% of the population were considered literate, which is less than the Zone average of 15.71%; 21.31% of children aged 7-12 were in primary school; 1.71% of the children aged 13-14 were in junior secondary school; 2.62% of the inhabitants aged 15-18 were in senior secondary school. Concerning sanitary conditions, about 90% of the urban houses and 29% of all houses had access to safe drinking water at the time of the census; 29% of the urban and 6% of the total had toilet facilities.
A sample enumeration performed by the CSA in 2001 interviewed 34,455 farmers in this woreda, who held an average of 0.67 hectares of land. Of the 23,196 hectares of private land surveyed, 85.86% was in cultivation, 0.85% pasture, 8.32% fallow, 0.62% woodland, and 4.35% was devoted to other uses. For the land under cultivation in this woreda, 72.68% was planted in cereals, 7.76% in pulses, and 0.48% in oilseeds; the amount in vegetables is missing. The area planted in fruit trees was 42 hectares, while the area planted in gesho is missing. 77.88% of the farmers both raised crops and livestock, while 22.12% only grew crops; the number who only raised livestock is missing. Land tenure in this woreda is distributed amongst 93.12% owning their land, 6.0% renting, and 0.88% holding their land under other forms of tenure is missing.
The Adirondack Marathon is a marathon, 26.2-mile (42.2 km), held each September in Schroon Lake, New York. The race follows a road course around the lake. The race motto is "The most beautiful 26 miles 385 yards you will ever run." There were 331 finishers in 2010.
The Adirondack Marathon begins on Main St. in Schroon Lake Village. The course goes north on Rt. 9 to the Alder Meadow Rd where it stays relatively flat for the first three and a half miles; however, between three and a half and six miles (10 km) the course rises almost 300 feet (91 m) to an elevation of 1,100 feet (340 m) above sea level. On the east side of Schroon Lake the course follows East Shore Drive, a scenic Adirondack Mountain road. The course drops to an elevation of 900 feet (270 m) between miles six and eight, and then steadily climbs again between miles eight and eleven. During this section of the course there are beautiful views of the lake. The elevation drops as the course enters the village of Adirondack where it remains relatively flat. After rounding the southern tip of the lake, the course rejoins the rolling hills of Rt. 9 in Pottersville, turns north and returns to Schroon Lake Village, ending at the Town Beach on Leland Avenue.
The Adirondack Marathon was first held in 1997. The men's winner was James Garrett in a time of 2:37:21; the women's winner was Simone Stoeppler with a time of 3:04:08 (still a course record). Peter Heimgartner has won the race six times ('98-'00,'02,'04,'06) while the women's race has seen Virginia Rebeuh win a pair of races ('98,'05). The men's course record was set in 2007 by David Herr in a time of 2:36:55. The handcycle race began in 2000, and the course record was set in 2003 by Chris Klebl in a time of 1:46:50.
http://www.adirondackmarathon.org
http://www.adirondackmarathon.org/2007_brochure.pdf
http://drserver.org/preview/adirondackmarathon.org/_old/marathon3.pdf
http://www.coolrunning.com/results/07/ny/Sep16_Adiron_set1.shtml
Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎‎, also Romanized as Kheyrābād and Khairābād; also known as Kheir Abad Shahabad) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
The Türkmenbaşy Gulf or Türkmenbaşy Bay (Russian: Туркменбашы Залив Turkmen: Türkmenbaşy aýlagy) is a bay of the Caspian Sea in the coast of Turkmenistan.
With the Krasnovodsk Peninsula to the north and the Cheleken Peninsula to the south, the gulf extends westwards into the sea for 46 km and has an 18 km wide mouth. At its northwest corner are the Bala-Ishem salt marshes which mark the mouth of the dried-up Uzboy River. It became part of the Hazar Nature Reserve in 1968. Among the animals in the bay the Krasnovodsk herring (Alosa braschnikowi nirchi) and the Caspian seal deserve mention.
In 18th century maps of the Caspian Sea the gulf was known as 'Balkan Gulf' or 'Balchan Gulf' and was assumed to be much deeper. It was first accurately cartographed by Fedor Ivanovich Soimonov during the 1719 Caspian Expedition which surveyed the Caspian Sea from 1719 to 1727.
The bay was later known as 'Krasnovodsk Gulf' or 'Krasnovodsk Bay', but it changed its name when the city at its shores changed its name from Krasnovodsk to Türkmenbaşy.
Türkmenbaşy
Caspian Sea Biodiversity
Overview of oil and natural gas in the Caspian Sea region Last Updated: August 26, 2013
Sir Ramanbhai Nilkanth, R.B (Gujarati: રમણભાઈ નીલકંઠ; 1868–1928) was a noted author of Gujarati literature. He was also the Mayor of Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation. He belonged to "Pandit-Yug" or "Goverdhan-Yug". His father, Mahipatram Rupram Nilkanth, was also an author and social worker. He wrote two classics of Gujarati literature namely "Bhadram-Bhadra" and "Rai no Parvat". Ramanbhai Nilkanth was a renowned short story writer and his wife – Lady Vidyagauri – was one of the state’s first women graduates. His daughter, Vinodinee Neelkanth, was perhaps the first Gujarati woman to get a post-graduate degree from the US. Though she was not a feminist in strictest sense, she perhaps is the first Gujarati novelist to have written a column for 40 years in a Gujarati daily – Gujarat Samachar. This noted philanthropist and humorist writer, Ramanbhai Nilkanth, became the first Hon. Secretary. of the Ahmedabad Red Cross founded in 1923.
Bhadram-Bhadra
Rai no Parvat
Kavita Ane Sahitya (1926), four volumes of poetry and prose; Volume 1, articles on prosody and rhetoric; Volume 2, articles on practical criticism; Volume 3, occasional lectures and essays; Volume 4 (published in 1929), some poems, short stories and essays on humor
Looxcie was a mobile-connected, handsfree, streaming video camera created by Looxcie, Inc., a privately owned Sunnyvale, California company. The Looxcie video camera was named a top 50 best invention of 2010 by Time Magazine (November 2010), and LooxcieLive, their live streaming video service, was named as a top 100 best innovation of 2011 by Popular Science (December 2011).
September 2008 – the company is formed and venture financed.
September 2010 – the company sells its first camcorder Looxcie 1, and releases its first mobile app LooxcieMoments.
December 2010 – the company releases its LooxcieCam mobile app.
June 2011 – the company launches its second generation camcorder Looxcie 2.
October 2011 – the company introduces hands-free accessories for Looxcie 2.
November 2011 – the company releases LooxcieLive live video streaming service.
February 2012 – the company announces joint-development partnership with Taser International, Inc., who releases the AXON Flex product line. The AXON Flex features Looxcie technology.
January 2014 - Company announces shift of focus from consumer to enterprise products (Vidcie)
April 2014 - Company announces it will "Close down the consumer line of cameras, services, and support for the current Looxcie customers and partners."
Looxcie is a mobile-connected, handsfree, streaming video camera that facilitates live video streaming and capture. The live video streaming is designed for real-time sharing. Video clips can be saved on the camera and shared via a mobile device or uploaded to a computer.
Looxcie video cameras are compatible with Android (2.1+) and iOS (4.2.6+) devices. Looxcie utilizes a dual processor system for simultaneous video capture, wireless streaming and phone calls via Bluetooth. The Looxcie maximizes battery life (up to 4 hours) and optimizes video for viewing (480p) and mobile sharing (320p) in a small wearable, ergonomic form factor.
Looxcie 2 features an adjustable fit system with attachment accessories. Looxcie 2 weighs 22g (0.78 oz) and comes in two configurations: up to 5 hour video storage model and up to 10 hour video storage model.
Looxcie 1 weighs less than 28g (0.99 oz) and provides up to 5 hour video storage.
For sports and outdoors: helmet strap mount, vented helmet mount, ball cap clip, bike mount
For the car: windshield mount, car visor mount
Lenses: 180° fisheye Lens, 2X zoom telephoto lens, wide angle and macro lens
Essentials: carrying case, wall charger, tripod, tripod head 
Looxcie companion apps are available for download from the App Store and Play Store (Android Market).
LooxcieLive lets users stream live video and view other people’s broadcasts in real-time. Push-to-Talk and Text Chat features allow viewers to dialog with the broadcaster while they live stream. Video streaming auto-adapts based on network capabilities – 3G, 4G or Wi-Fi.
LooxcieMoments allows users to continuously record video into a looping buffer. With the Instant Clip button on Looxcie, users can reach back and save the last 30-seconds of an event, which can then be shared to social networks and email.
LooxcieCam provides users with basic camcorder functionality.
GoPro
Google Glass
Glasshole
Sousveillance
Vuzix
looxcie.com
looxcie desktop utility
Metephestia simplicula is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Metephestia. It was described by Zeller in 1881, and is known from Colombia., southern Florida, Puerto Rico and the West Indies.
There are several generations per year.
The larvae feed on Indigofera species, including Indigofera hirsuta, Indigofera suffruticosa and Indigofera tinctoria. Young larvae feed on unexpanded leaflets. Later, it ties together several leaflets with silk. They feed on the leaflets and bore into the petiolules of their host plant from within this shelter.
The Young Men's Muslim Association (Arabic: جمعية الشبان المسلمين‎‎) (Jam'iyyat al-Shubban al-Muslimin) was founded in Egypt in 1927, with the start of the Muslim Brotherhood. By the end of the decade it had around 15,000 members. The leader of YMMA in Palestine was Izz al-din Qassam.
Dawisha, Adeed (2002). Arab Nationalism in the Twentieth Century: From Triumph to Despair. Princeton University Press. ISBN 0-691-10273-2
UFC Fight Night: McGregor vs. Brandao (also known as UFC Fight Night 46) was a mixed martial arts event held on July 19, 2014 at The O 2  in Dublin, Ireland.
This was the second time that the organization has hosted an event in Dublin, following UFC 93 in 2009.
The event was expected to be headlined by a featherweight bout between Conor McGregor and Cole Miller. However, Miller was forced to pull out due to an injury, and was replaced by Diego Brandao. Despite the change with one of the headlining participants, ticket demand was high for the event, with nearly all tickets selling out within a few hours of going on sale.
Ryan LaFlare was scheduled to face Gunnar Nelson at the event. However, LaFlare was removed from the card and replaced by Zak Cummings.
Tom Lawlor was expected to face Ilir Latifi at the event, but Lawlor pulled out of the bout with an injury and was replaced by promotional newcomer Chris Dempsey.
Long time combat sports journalist Kevin Iole ranked the event as number 1 in his list of top 10 UFC events in history.
The following fighters were awarded $50,000 bonuses:
Fight of the Night: Cathal Pendred vs. Mike King ^
Performance of the Night: Conor McGregor and Gunnar Nelson
^ Bonus winner Mike King had his award rescinded after testing positive for anabolic steroids during his post fight drug screening.
List of UFC events
2014 in UFC
The Revolutionary Democratic Front (Spanish: Frente Democrático Revolucionario, FDR) was a coalition of mass organizations in El Salvador. It was aligned with the FMLN guerrilla movement. FDR was formed in 1980 through the merger of the Revolutionary Coordination of the Masses and the Salvadoran Democratic Front.
St. Beauty is an American music group composed of two singers, Alexe Belle and Isis Valentino. The duo is affiliated with a larger artistic collective called Wondaland Art Society, a group of musicians that also includes Janelle Monáe, Jidenna, Roman GianArthur, and Deep Cotton. Both the duo and the collective are based in Atlanta, Georgia.
Belle and Valentino met while working at a boutique called Poor, Little, Rich Girl. When the boutique held a showcase for local artists in 2012, the two performed an original song. In light of the acclaim they received after the performance, the two officially formed a band and selected the name St. Beauty. In a recent interview, the duo explained that they selected the name because, "St. Beauty is a pure beauty that lives in everyone." Their mission is "to heal and inspire."
St. Beauty's song "Going Nowhere" appeared on the album, Wondaland Presents: The Eephus. The album was released on August 14, 2015, and was distributed by Epic Records. The album debuted at No. 5 on the Billboard Chart for R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
The following is a list of Teen Choice Award winners and nominees for Choice TV Actress - Action. This award was first introduced (along with Choice TV Actor - Action and Choice TV - Action) in 2008.
See Electrical treeing for branching channels within electrical engineering
Treeing is a method of hunting where dogs are used to force animals that naturally climb up into trees, where they can be shot by hunters. Particularly used with coonhunting, treeing dogs are selected for the instinct to not cease barking at an animal after it has escaped into a tree. The linguistic idiom "Barking up the wrong tree" comes from this practice.
This method of hunting is also used for cougar and black bear. The dogs are trained to bay, not directly attack the quarry; however, it is not unheard of for the quarry to kill some of the dogs or for the dogs to kill the quarry. Usually the quarry will climb a tree to escape the dogs after a period of chase and harassment. Blackmouth Cur use this method. Traditionally the dogs were followed on foot by hunters listening to their barks, although some hunters now use radio direction finding equipment to follow the pack.
Treeing is also sometimes performed without the intention of killing the quarry for scientific purposes (such as radio-tagging) or recreational purposes. It is especially useful for cougars, which are notoriously stealthy and difficult to capture without the aid of dogs.
Jim Lister (born 26 February 1981) is a Scottish footballer who currently plays for Forfar Athletic as a forward. Lister has played in the Juniors for Oakley United, Camelon Juniors and Bathgate Thistle and in the Scottish Football League for Stenhousemuir, Berwick Rangers, Alloa Athletic, Brechin City, Dumbarton and Airdrieonians.
Lister's career began in the Scottish Junior Leagues firstly at Oakley United, then after moving in July 2007, at Camelon Juniors.
In 2008, he moved up to the Scottish Football League for the first time, playing as a trialist for Stenhousemuir against Dumbarton on 18 March. He then agreed to sign for Stenhousemuir at the end of the 2007–08 season. However, on 21 May 2008, it was announced that he had instead signed for Berwick Rangers. He scored his first goal for Berwick on 4 October 2008, in a 1–1 draw against Elgin City.
Lister then dropped back down into the Juniors, having been linked with a number of clubs, before signing for Bathgate Thistle. On 19 June 2010, he joined Second Division club Alloa Athletic saying he had wanted the chance to return to senior football.
After one season at Alloa, Lister moved to Brechin City on 31 May 2011. One year later he moved clubs again, this time signing for First Division club Dumbarton. At the end of the season Lister was voted Player of the Year by the Dumbarton supporters.
On 11 May 2013, Lister signed for Airdrieonians. At the end of the 2013–14 season he signed a new one-year contract. He joined Forfar in summer 2016
Jim Lister profile at Airdrieonians F.C. official website
Hybrid have remixed over 100 songs for over 40 artists. This list contains each remix by name along with the original recording artist's name. Note that Hybrid songs remixed by other artists are also included. Songs marked with * are bootlegs and fan remixes.
2 Bad Mice - Bombscare (Hybrid Mix)
Adeva - Don't Think About It (Hybrid Mix)
Adeva - Do Whatcha Do (Hybrid Remix)
Alanis Morissette - So Pure (Hybrid Remix)
Alanis Morissette - Your House (Hybrid Forgive Me Mix)
Albion - Air (Hybrid's Supersonic Remix)
Alison Limerick - Put Your Faith In Me (Hybrid Matrix Dub)
Alison Limerick - Put Your Faith In Me (Hybrid Higher Ground Mix)
Andreas Johnson - Glorious (Hybrid Remix)
Andreas Johnson - Glorious (Hybrid's Nu Skool Breaks Remix)
Ayumi Hamasaki - Prologue (Hybrid Remix)
Ayumi Hamasaki - Teddy Bear (Hybrid Club Instrumental)
Ayumi Hamasaki - Teddy Bear (Hybrid Club)
Ayumi Hamasaki - Teddy Bear (Hybrid Remix)
Ayumi Hamasaki - Teddy Bear (Hybrid Remix Instrumental)
Blue Pearl - Naked In The Rain '98 (Hybrid Remix)
BT - Godspeed (Hybrid Dub Mix)
BT - Godspeed (Hybrid Mix)
BT - Never Gonna Come Back Down (Hybrid's Breaktek Mix)
BT - Never Gonna Come Back Down (Hybrid's Echoplex Dub)
BT Feat. Hybrid & Kirsty Hawkshaw - Running Down the Way Up
BT Feat. Hybrid & Kirsty Hawkshaw - Running Down the Way Up (Hybrid's Space Manoeuvres Mix)
BT Vs. Coldplay - Broken Clocks (Hybrid's Breaktek Bootleg)
Carl Cox - Phuture 2000 (Hybrid Remix)
Charlotte James - Little Bit Of This (Hybrid Remix)
Christian Fischer Vs. Hybrid - I Know
Chris Coco Feat. Peter Green - Albatross (Hybrid Remix)
Comix - I Need Ya... Humm (Hybrid 12" Remix)
Comix - I Need Ya... Humm (Hybrid 12" Dub)
Conjure One Feat. Sinéad O'Connor - Tears From The Moon (Hybrid's Twisted on The Terrace Mix)
Conjure One Feat. Sinéad O'Connor - Tears From The Moon (Hybrid's Pacha mix)
Cui Jian - I Have Nothing (Hybrid Remix)
Datura - Mystic Motion (Hybrid Full Journey)
Datura - Mystic Motion (Hybrid Chargin Mix)
Deluxtra - Lift Me Up (Hybrid Remix)
DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince - Summertime (Hybrid Remix)
DJ Rap - Bad Girl (Hybrid Remix)
DJ's Rule - Get Into The Music (Hybrid Extended Remix)
DJ's Rule - Get Into The Music (Hybrid Edit)
Doves - Break Me Gently (Hybrid Mix)
Eelke Kleijn - Lone Ranger (Hybrid Soundsystem Remix)
Elite Force - You (Hybrid Remix)
Energy 52 - Café del Mar (Hybrid's Time Traveller Remix)
Every Little Thing - Deatta Koro No You Ni (Hybrid Remix)
Every Little Thing - Time Goes By (Hybrid Remix)
Filter - Take A Picture (Hybrid Remix)
Freq Nasty Feat. Phoebe One - Boomin' Back Atcha (Hybrid's 'Music To Plough Fields To' Mix)
Friction & Spice - Alright (Hybrid's Analogue Mix)
Friction & Spice - Alright (Hybrid Breakbeat Mix)
Friction & Spice meet the (Three Wish Monkeys -AKA Hybrid)- Work For love
Future Funk Squad - Towards the Sun (Hybrid Remix)
Foot Club - Loveboy (Hybrid Fuzzy Peach Mix)
Foot Club - Loveboy (Hybrid Luurv Dub)
Friday Night Posse vs Hybrid & Kriminal - White Label
Golden Girls - Kinetic (Hybrid's Audiopyrotechnix Mix)
Golden Girls - Kinetic (Hybrid's Cross Modulation Dub)
Goldmine - Natural (Hybrid's Jump Up Mix)
Gouryella - Walhalla (Hybrid's Matrix Dub)
Gouryella - Walhalla (Hybrid's Echoplex Mix)
Grayarea - Gravity (Hybrid's Mix)
Grayarea Feat. Erik Shepard - Gravity (Hybrid's Love From Llanfair Remix)
Guy J - Fly (Hybrid Soundsystem Remix)
Hard Rock Sofa & Swanky Tunes - Here We Go / Quasar (Hybrid Remix)
Harry Gregson-Williams - Evacuating London (Hybrid's Beatless Dub) [1]
Harry Gregson-Williams - Evacuating London (Hybrid's Hiding In The Wardrobe Mix)
Harry Gregson-Williams - Humvee Chase (Hybrid Remix)
Harry Gregson-Williams - Man on Fire (Hybrid Remix)
Harry Gregson-Williams - Man on Fire (Hybrid Remix Edit)
Harry Gregson-Williams - Prince Caspian (Hybrid Remix)
Healy & Amos - Bleachin' (Hybrid Switch Mix White)
Hybrid - Accelerator (Joyrider Edit)
Hybrid - Altitude (Original Promo Version)
Hybrid - Burnin' (Hybrid's Burning Breakbeat Mix)
Hybrid - Burnin' (Joyrider Edit)
Hybrid - Cascade
Hybrid - Celebrity Science (Kevens Mix)*
Hybrid - Celebrity Science (PjD Mix)*
Hybrid - Cipher´(We are in Control 2003 Demo)
Hybrid - Concrete Boots
Hybrid - Demons
Hybrid - Dream Stalker (The Invisionary's Dark Evangelist Bootleg)*
Hybrid - Dreaming Your Dreams (OneLive Version)
Hybrid - Finished Symphony (Hybrid's 2003 Soundtrack Mix)
Hybrid - Finished Symphony (Boom Jinx Remix)
Hybrid - Finished Symphony (Deadmau5 Mix)
Hybrid - Finished Symphony (Deadset Mix)
Hybrid - Finished Symphony (Deadset Dubtool Mix)
Hybrid - Finished Symphony (Hybrid's Echoplex Mix)
Hybrid - Finished Symphony (Hybrid's Echoplex Mix Radio Edit)
Hybrid - Finished Symphony (Hybrid M4 Corridor Mix)
Hybrid - Finished Symphony (Hybrid's Soundtrack Edit)
Hybrid - Finished Symphony (Hybrid's Soundtrack Mix)
Hybrid - Finished Symphony (Sure Is Pure Remix)
Hybrid - Gospel (Theme From Wide Angle Demo)
Hybrid - Gravastar (Early Version)
Hybrid - Groovology (Instrumental)
Hybrid - Groovology (feat Chrissy Chris - Vocal Mix)
Hybrid - High Life (2000 Rework)
Hybrid - High Life (Original Mix)
Hybrid - High Life (Max Graham Remix)
Hybrid - High Life (Mike Marshall's Low Life Mix)
Hybrid - I'm Still Awake (Acoustic Demo)
Hybrid - I'm Still Awake (Christian J Mix)
Hybrid - I'm Still Awkake (Demo)
Hybrid - I'm Still Awake (Grayarea Mix)
Hybrid - I'm Still Awake (Grayarea's Il Postino Y Lo Stronzo Disoccupato Mix)
Hybrid - I'm Still Awake (Planet Funk Vocal Mix)
Hybrid - I'm Still Awake (Planet Funk Vocal Mix - Radio Edit)
Hybrid - I'm Still Awake (SUD Mix)
Hybrid - I Choose Noise (Elite Force Remix)
Hybrid - I Know (Acapella)
Hybrid - I Know (Airless Mix)*
Hybrid - I Know (Atmo Brtschitsch's Everyday Bootleg)*
Hybrid - I Know (Ben Lewis Remix)*
Hybrid - I Know (Capital J's Mash Up)*
Hybrid - I Know (Chiller Twist Disturbed Remix)*
Hybrid - I Know (Future Perfect Remix)
Hybrid - I Know (JBreaks NuSkool Bootleg)*
Hybrid - I Know (Keenan and Anderson Mix)
Hybrid - I Know (Neogen Remix)*
Hybrid - I Know (PB & J Remix)*
Hybrid - I Know (Schldan Shizneagh Remix)*
Hybrid - I Know (She Compilation Mix)
Hybrid - I Know (Strings)
Hybrid - I Know (Switchgear's Cityscape Mix)*
Hybrid - I Know (Tears Of Technology I Know Tha Breaks Mix)*
Hybrid - I Know (Totem Pole Mix)
Hybrid - I Know (V2 Remix)*
Hybrid - If I Survive (2006 Version)
Hybrid - If I Survive (Beber's Boleyn West Stand Mix)
Hybrid - If I Survive (Commie Dark Dub)
Hybrid - If I Survive (Hybrid's Echoplex Mix)
Hybrid - If I Survive (Hybrid's Tyrant Dub)
Hybrid - If I Survive (Instrumental)
Hybrid - If I Survive (Instrumental Re-Edit)
Hybrid - If I Survive (Interfearance Mix)
Hybrid - If I Survive (Interfearence Dub)
Hybrid - If I Survive (Jerome Sydenham Vocal Dub)
Hybrid - If I Survive (Jerome Sydenham Vocal Dubstrumental)
Hybrid - If I Survive (Soundtrack Edit)
Hybrid - If I Survive (Views From Wide Angle Mix, Early Demo)
Hybrid - If I Survive (Way Out West Vocal Remix)
Hybrid - If I Survive (Way Out West Dub)
Hybrid - In Good We Trust (O'Connor Remix)*
Hybrid - In Your Face (Morning Sci-Fi Demo Vocal)
Hybrid - Joyrider (Lotus Challenge Mix)
Hybrid - Joyrider (Online Mix)
Hybrid - Keep It In The Family (Soundtrack Version)
Hybrid - Keep It In The Family (Tomas Barford Mix)
Hybrid - Kill City (1999 Live Rework)
Hybrid - Kill city (Demo)
Hybrid - Kill City (DicryLium Remix)*
Hybrid - Kill City (Edit)
Hybrid - Kill City (Hybrid's VIP Mix)
Hybrid - Kill City (Live Mix)
Hybrid - Kinky (Heart's Desire Demo)
Hybrid - Know Your Enemy (12" Extended Mix)
Hybrid - Know Your Enemy (The Invisionary's Edit)*
Hybrid - Last Man Standing (Ambient Reprise)*
Hybrid - Last Man Standing (Group Therapy Mix)
Hybrid - Lights Go Down (Edit A)
Hybrid - Lights Go Down (Edit B)
Hybrid - Marrakech (Demo)
Hybrid - Marrakech (Omen Soundtrack Edit)
Hybrid - Marrakech (The Emissary's Breaktek Remix/Mashup)*
Hybrid - Menace (Full Mix)
Hybrid - Mr. Smith (Original Mix)
Hybrid - Mr. Smith (Scores Mix)
Hybrid - Orbit (Soundtrack Version)
Hybrid - Sinequanon (Impossible Eye Mix)*
Hybrid - Sinequanon (Instrumental 'Slow Funk')*
Hybrid - Sinequanon (Tunnel Remix)
Hybrid - Sleepwalking (Future Funk Squad's 'Worst Nightmare' Dub)
Hybrid - Sleepwalking (Future Funk Squad's 'Worst Nightmare' Remix)
Hybrid - Sleepwalking (Hybrid's Original Mix)
Hybrid - Sleepwalking (Hybrid's Something Else Mix)
Hybrid - Snyper (High Velocity Mix)
Hybrid - Snyper (Joyrider Edit)
Hybrid - Swimming
Hybrid - Symphony (2006 Mix)
Hybrid - Symphony Symphony (Hybrid's Symphonik Remix)
Hybrid - Symphony (M4 Corridor Dub)
Hybrid - Symphony (Original '96 Version = Sure is Pure Mix)
Hybrid - Symphony (Original Breakbeat Mix)
Hybrid - Symphony (Original Mix)
Hybrid - Symphonic Euphoria
Hybrid - Symphony (Sure Is Pure Moto Disco Dub Mix)
Hybrid - The Drop (Man On Fire Edit)
Hybrid - Theme From Wide Angle (Hybrid's VIP Edit)
Hybrid - Theme From Wide Angle (Joyrider Edit)
Hybrid - Theme From Wide Angle (Rolling Thunder Dub)
Hybrid - Theme From Wide Angle (Rolling Thunder Mix)
Hybrid - Unfinished Symphony (Unreleased Orchestral Mix)
Hybrid - Visible Noise (Demo)
Hybrid - Visible Noise Vs. Theme From Wide Angle
Hybrid - Zulu (Orchestral Bootleg)*
Hybrid - Zulu (Original Score)
Hybrid Feat. Adam Taylor - If I Survive (2003 Remix)
Hybrid Feat. Andreas Carlson - Fall Out of Love (Dekkards Roadkill Edit)
Hybrid Feat. Andreas Carlson - Fall Out of Love (Hybrid's Full Journey Mix)
Hybrid Feat. Andreas Carlson - Fall Out of Love (Hybrid's Gradual Dub)
Hybrid Feat. Andreas Carlson - Fall Out of Love (Hybrid's Burning Breakbeat Mix)
Hybrid Feat. Andreas Carlson - Fall Out of Love (Hybrid's Charging Piano Mix)
Hybrid Feat. Andreas Carlson - Fall Out of Love (Hybrid's Club Mix)
Hybrid Feat. Andreas Carlson - Fall Out of Love (Hybrid's Gate of Sean Mix)
Hybrid Feat. Charlotte James - The Formula of Fear
Hybrid Feat. Charlotte James - The Formula of Fear (Glen Morrison Remix)
Hybrid Feat. Charlotte James - The Formula of Fear (Hybrid's Echoplex Mix)
Hybrid Feat. Charlotte James - The Formula of Fear (Long Range Remix)
Hybrid Feat. Chrissie Hynde - Kid 2000 (7" Edit)
Hybrid Feat. Chrissie Hynde - Kid 2000 (Hybrid's Echoplex Mix)
Hybrid Feat. Chrissie Hynde - Kid 2000 (Original 12" Mix)
Hybrid Feat. Chrissie Hynde - Kid 2000 (Kayestone Instrumental)
Hybrid Feat. Chrissie Hynde - Kid 2000 (Kayestone Recon Remix)
Hybrid Feat. John Graham - Until Tomorrow (Demo)
Hybrid Feat. John Graham - Until Tomorrow (Serge Santiago Mix)
Hybrid Feat. John Graham - Until Tomorrow (Stefan Anion & Starfire's 'Surviving Another Day Mix)
Hybrid Feat. Judie Tzuke - Falling Down (Kosheen DJs Mix)
Hybrid Feat. Kirsty Hawkshaw - All I Want (Instrumental)
Hybrid Feat. Kirsty Hawkshaw - All I Want (Orchestral Mix)
Hybrid Feat. Kirsty Hawkshaw - All I Want (Stefan Anion All I Want) (Stefan Anion's "All I Need" Re-Mash-Edit)
Hybrid Feat. Kirsty Hawkshaw - Blackout (Hybrid Y4K Mix)
Hybrid Feat. Kirsty Hawkshaw - Blackout (Inner & Outer Remix)
Hybrid Feat. Kirsty Hawkshaw - Blackout (The Cinematic Orchestra Mix)
Hybrid Feat. Kirsty Hawkshaw - Blackout (Tresh's Sci-Fi Breaks Mix)*
Hybrid Feat. Kirsty Hawkshaw - Just For Today (Jerome Sydenham Dub Mix)
Hybrid Feat. Kirsty Hawkshaw - Just For Today (Jerome Sydenham Mix)
Hybrid Feat. Kirsty Hawkshaw - Just For Today (The Invisionary's Bootleg Edit)*
Hybrid Feat. Peter Hook - As High as a Skyscraper (Demo for Higher than a Skyscraper)
Hybrid Feat. Peter Hook - Higher Than A Skyscraper (Boy 8-Bit Mix)
Hybrid Feat. Peter Hook - Higher Than A Skyscraper (Freq Nasty's Ragga Rock Relic)
Hybrid Feat. Peter Hook - Higher Than A Skyscraper (Hybrid Twitch And Sweat Mix)
Hybrid Feat. Peter Hook - Higher Than A Skyscraper (Orb's Towers Of Babel Mix)
Hybrid Feat. Peter Hook - Higher Than A Skyscraper (Satoshi Tomiie 3D Dub)
Hybrid Feat. Peter Hook - Higher Than A Skyscraper (Satoshi Tomiie Remix)
Hybrid Feat. Peter Hook - Higher Than A Skyscraper (Strings Only)
Hybrid Feat. Peter Hook - Higher Than A Skyscraper (The Orb Remix)
Hybrid Feat. Peter Hook - True To Form (Acoustic Demo)
Hybrid Feat. Peter Hook - True To Form (Acoustic Version)
Hybrid Feat. Peter Hook - True To Form (Demo)
Hybrid Feat. Peter Hook - True To Form (Gazzmann's New Form Remix)*
Hybrid Feat. Peter Hook - True To Form (John Creamer & Stephane K Mix)
Hybrid Feat. Peter Hook - True To Form (John Creamer & Stephane K Remix) [Edit]
Hybrid Feat. Peter Hook - True To Form (Soundtrack Mix)
Hybrid Feat. Perry Farrell - Dogstar (Satellite Party Demo)
Hybrid Feat. Perry Farrell - Dogstar (Trent Cantrelle Remix)
Hybrid Feat. Sally Larkin - Experiment IV
Hybrid Vs. Michael Jackson - Bad Symphony (Finished Symphony / Bad Mash-Up) Produced by NOWMASH aka John Marr (www.JOHNMARR.co.uk)
Hyper Go-Go & Adeva - Do Watcha Do (Early Hybrid Remix)
Hyper Go Go & Adeva - Do Watcha Do (Hybrid Remix)
Hyper Go-Go - High (Hybrid Dub)
Hyper Go-Go - High (Hybrid Remix)
Inner Sanctum - How Soon is Now (Hybrid Remix)
Jazzed Up - Alright (Hybrid Analogue Adventure Remix)
Jean-Michel Jarre - C'est La Vie (Hybrid's Echoplex Mix)
Jean Michel Jarre - C'est La Vie (Hybrid's Matrix Dub)
Jeff Wayne - The Eve of the War (Hybrid's Fire In The Sky Remix)
Jeff Wayne - The Eve of the War - Introduction (Hybrid Remix)
Jez & Choopie - Yim (Hybrid's Sunrise Remix)
Jez & Choopie - Yim (Hybrid Radio Edit)
John Creamer & Stephane K - I Love You (Hybrid's Claustrophobic Remix)
John Creamer & Stephane K Vs. Hybrid Vs. Dylan Rhymes - I Love You (Chamber Remix)
Kate Bush - Experiment IV (Hybrid Remix)
Kevin Aviance - Din Da Da (Hybrid Remix)
Killahurtz - Kiss For The Dying (Hybrid's Echoplex 0405 Mix)
Killahurtz - Kiss For The Dying (Hybrid Matrix Dub)
Kinnie Starr - Alright (Hybrid Dub Mix)
Kinnie Starr - Alright (Hybrid's Toronto Tech Dub)
Kinnie Starr - Alright (Hybrid Vocal Mix)
Kriminal - Loud N' Proud (Hybrid Dub)
Kriminal - Loud N' Proud (Hybrid Mix)
Lennie De Ice - We Are I.E. (Hybrid's Dark Dub)
Lennie De Ice - We Are I.E. (Hybrid's Dark Mix)
Lennie De Ice - We Are I.E. (Hybrid's Lite Mix)
Lennie De Ice - We Are I.E. (Hybrid's Pumping Mix)
Long Range - Just One More (Hybrid's Matrix Dub)
Long Range - Just One More (Hybrid Remix)
Losers - Summertime Rolls (Hybrid Soundsystem Mix)
Love Deluxe - Surrender (Hybrid Mix)
Madonna - Music (Hybrid Dub)
Maurice - Feline (Hybrid Original Union Remix)
Megatonk - Belgium (Hybrid Remix)
Moby - Bodyrock (Hybrid's Bodyshock Remix)
Moby - South Side (Hybrid's Dishing Pump Instrumental)
Moby feat. Gwen Stefani - South Side (Hybrid's Dishing Pump Remix)
Monk & Canatella - Enter The Monk (Hybrid Electrotek Club Mix)
Monk & Canatella - Enter The Monk (Hybrid Electrotek Dub Mix)
Montano vs. The Trumpet Man - Itza Trumpet Thing (Hybrid Remix)
Musique Vs. U2 - New Years Dub (Hybrid Remix)
Nights At The Round Tables - Lellenda "El Espiritu" (Hybrid Remix)
Philip Bailey - Steppin Through Time (Hybrid Mix)
Philip Bailey - Steppin Through Time (Hybrid Mix) [Instrumental]
Planet Funk - Everyday (Hybrid's 1150 Remix)
Prince Vs. Hybrid - Altitude Vs. I Would Die 4 U (Prince Mash-Up)*
Radiohead - Everything In Its Right Place (Hybrid Remix)
R.E.M. - The Great Beyond (Hybrid Remix)
Rootjoose - Mr. Fixit (Hybrid Mix)
Rob Dougan - Clubbed to Death (Hybrid Remix)
Ron Houder - Outskirts (Hybrid's Tech Funk Break Mix)
Ron Houder - Outskirts (Hybrid's Tech Funk Remix)
Sabres of Paradise - Smokebelch II (Hybrid Bootleg)
Sarah McLachlan - Fear (Hybrid's Matrix Dub)
Sarah McLachlan - Fear (Hybrid's Super Collider Mix)
Saint Etienne - Boy Is Crying (Hybrid's Breaktek Remix)
Saint Etienne - Boy Is Crying (Hybrid's Breaktek Instrumental)
Salt Tank - Dimension (Hybrid's Audio Candy Remix)
Sasha Vs. Phantom Beats - Xpander/Don't Care (Hybrid Bootleg)*
Satellite Party - Wish Upon A Dogstar (Hybrid Vocal Mix)
Satellite Party - Wish Upon A Dogstar (Hybrid Instrumental)
Satoshi Tomiie - Love In Traffic (Hybrid Bootleg)*
Shifter & Carvell - Dark Distance (Hybrid Remix)
Soulwax - E Talking (Hybrid Remix)*
Stefan Anion & Starfire Vs. Orbital - Inferior / Orbital - Chime (Hybrid Re-Edit)
Tejo, Black Alien & Speed - Follow Me Follow Me (Quem Que Caguetou?) (Fast 5 Hybrid Remix)
The Future Sound of London - My Kingdom (Hybrid Y4K Remix) [2]
The Future Sound of London - Papua New Guinea (Hybrid Remix)
The Crystal Method - Name of the Game (Hybrid's LA Blackout Remix)
The Crystal Method - Name of the Game (Hybrid's Blackout in L.A. Mix)
The Foot Club - Loveboy (Hybrid's Fuzzy Peach Mix)
The Foot Club - Loveboy (Hybrid's Luurv Dub)
The Orb - From a Distance (Hybrid's Meadow Ladies Remix)
Truman & Wolff Feat. Steel Horses - Come Again (Hybrid's Original Remix)
Truman & Wolff Feat. Steel Horses - Come Again (PF Project's Dope Bomb Mix)
U2 - New Years Day (Hybrid Remix)
Überzone - 4 Bit (Hybrid's Back To Analogue Mix)
Unkle - Glow (Hybrid Remix)
Uno Clio - Close to the Edge (Hybrid Remix)
Vector 13 Vs. Opencloud - Ferara vs Time Stand Still (Hybrid's Mash-up)
Vernon's Wonderland - Vernon's Wonderland (Hybrid Echoplex Mix)
Vernon's Wonderland - Vernon's Wonderland (Hybrids Matrix Dub)
Zero V.U. - Feel So Good (Hybrid's Breakbeat Remix)
Zero V.U. - Feel So Good (Hybrid Epic Vocal Mix)
HMS Carmen (often El Carmen, or sometimes Carmine), was the Spanish frigate Nuestra Señora del Carmen, built in 1770 at Ferrol. The British Royal Navy captured her on 6 April 1800 and took her into service as HMS Carmen. She served in the Mediterranean until she returned to Britain in 1801. There the Admiralty had her laid-up in ordinary. She was sold in December.
In April 1800, Emerald was on blockade duty at Cadiz as part of a squadron under Rear-Admiral John Thomas Duckworth and including the 74-gun ships Leviathan and Swiftsure, and the fireship Incendiary. On 5 April the squadron sighted a Spanish convoy comprising thirteen merchant vessels and three accompanying frigates, and at once gave chase. Leviathan and Emerald eventually opened fire on the rigging of two Spanish frigates in order to disable them; shortly afterward, both Spanish frigates surrendered.
Nuestra Señora del Carmen, Captain Don Fraquin Porcel, of 36 guns, 140 men, and 950 tons (bm), was sailing from Cadiz to Lima with a cargo of 1500 quintals of mercury, sundries of "Cards", and four 24-pounder guns stored for foreign service. She was newly coppered and had provisions for a four month voyage. She carried as a passenger Don Pedro Ynsencio Bejarano, Archbishop of Buenos Aires. Before she surrendered Carmen had 11 men killed and 16 wounded.
Santa Florentina, Captain Don Mamuel Norates, of 36 guns, 114 men, and 950 tons (bm), had been traveling from Cadiz to Lima 1500 quintals of mercury and sundry "Cards", and five 24-pounder guns. Before she surrendered she suffered 12 killed and 10 wounded, including Norates and her second captains.
On 7 April, the British sailed for Gibraltar with their prizes. On arrival they encountered Incendiary, which had made port the previous day with two captured vessels of its own. In all, the small British squadron managed to capture nine merchant vessels and two frigates. The Royal Navy took both frigates into service.
Captain William Selby commissioned Carmen in December 1800 for the Mediterranean station. She then proceeded to capture a number of merchant vessels.
3 Apr 1801 the French brig Gentil seconde, from Bayonne bound to Senegal, laden with bale goods and wine.
6 Apr 1801 detained the Spanish schooner San Josef.
23 May 1801 the Spanish mistico Jean Baptiste, from Cadiz bound to Vera Cruz, laden with bale goods, wine, and sundries, and since carried into Cadiz by the crew.
28 May 1801 the Spanish schooner Primivera y Concevida, from Magadore bound to Teneriffe, laden with wool and sundries.
21 Jun 1801 a Spanish tartane of unknown name, from Algeziras bound to Malaga, in ballast.
21 Jun 1801 the Spanish polacre Nostra Senora de los Dolores, from Algeziras bound to Cartagena, Spain.
21 Jun 1801 the Spanish tartane Senora St. Anna, from Algeziras bound to Malaga, with coals.
On 22 July 1801 letters arrived at Plymouth from Carmen, dated 4 June. The letters reported that she had captured four prizes, three of which arrived at Gibraltar Bay. Also Carmen, Superbe, Venerable, and Cambrian, of 44, had chased into Cadiz Bay, three French frigates, having on board two French Centre Admirals and seamen, for the Spanish squadron of 12 sail of the line fitting for sea there, and that their sailing had been retarded by one of the storehouse* full of naval stores having caught fire in the dock-yard, and been totally consumed. They were waiting for Rear-Admiral Sir James Saumarez's squadron from Gibraltar to block them up.
Because Florentina served in the Navy's Egyptian campaign between 8 March 1801 and 2 September, her officers and crew qualified for the clasp "Egypt" to the Naval General Service Medal that the Admiralty authorised in 1850 for all surviving claimants.
Carmen and Morgiana arrived at Spithead on 9 November 1801, from Egypt.
Carmen arrived at Portsmouth on 2 December 1801 where she was laid up. The Principle Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy offered "El Carmen, 971 Tons, Copper-bottomed, lying at Portsmouth", for sale on 24 February 1802. She did sold their that month
Notes
Citations
References
  
Power City is an Irish electrical retailer of consumer and electronic goods with branches in Blanchardstown, Coolock, Tallaght, Finglas, Fonthill, Sallynoggin, Drogheda, Bray , Naas and Carrickmines.
PowerCity promotes the sale of a wide range of electrical goods and accessories at discount prices. They were satirised on Bull Island for their red and white striped shirts and red v-neck jumpers worn by employees. According to the Irish Top 1000 Companies database [1], in 2003 the company made a profit of €8.4 million on a turnover of €87 million with a staff of 180.
Main Irish market competitors include D.I.D. Electrical, Currys, Harvey Norman
PowerCity official website
The University of Montenegro Faculty of Fine Arts (Montenegrin: Fakultet Likovnih Umjetnosti Univerziteta Crne Gore Факултет Ликовних Умјетности Универзитета Црне Горе) is one of the educational institutions of the University of Montenegro. The Faculty is located in Cetinje, in the building of the former Russian embassy to Montenegro.
Fine art education in Cetinje began with the establishment of the Secondary Art School in 1947. On May 18, 1988, the Faculty of Fine Arts was officially founded. The Faculty is located in the building of the former Russian Embassy which was designed by an Italian architect and is protected under the Historical Monuments Act.
The Faculty of Fine Arts represents a modern artistic and educational institution that organizes work at academic undergraduate, specialist and master studies within the following study programs:
Painting
Sculpture
Graphics
Graphic Design
The Art Exploration Center 42° of the Faculty of Fine Arts was established in 2010. Its aim is to promote contemporary art and its production. Within the Center, there's a library (encompassing the learning material of the Faculty of Fine Arts and the Faculty of Drama), a gallery and 2 apartments offering accommodation for the visiting professors.
John Stafford may refer to:
John Stafford (bishop) (died 1452), English politician & archbishop
John Stafford (died 1624), MP for Wareham (UK Parliament constituency) and Stafford
John Stafford (Irish politician) (born 1944), former Irish Fianna Fáil party politician
John Stafford (US politician) (born 1940), American Republican politician from Maryland
John Stafford, 1st Earl of Wiltshire (1427–1473), English nobleman
John Stafford (producer) (1893–1967), British film producer
John Stafford (baseball) (1870–1940), pitcher in Major League Baseball
John Stafford (sport shooter), English sport shooter
John Matthew Stafford, better known as Matthew Stafford (born 1988), American football quarterback
John Stafford Smith (1750–1836), British composer
Jonathan Stafford, principal dancer in the New York City Ballet
Stafford (surname)
Joseph Bergel or Bergl (2 September 1802, Prossnitz – 1885, Kaposvár) was Hungarian Jewish physician and author. His most important work is Die Medizin der Talmudisten (Leipzig and Berlin, 1885), with an appendix on anthropology as it is found in ancient Hebrew writings.
He was well versed in rabbinical and modern Hebrew literature, and attempted to introduce a new meter into Hebrew poetry in a work he published under the title Pirḥe Leshon 'Eber (Hebrew songs), Gross-Kanizsa, 1873.
In German he wrote:
Studien über die Naturwissenschaftlichen Kenntnisse der Talmudisten, Leipzig, 1880
Die Eheverhältnisse der Alten Juden im Vergleich mit den Griechischen und Römischen, ib. 1881
Der Himmel und Seine Wunder, eine Archäologische Studie nach Alten Jüdischen Mythografien, which was also published in Leipzig in the same year under the title Mythologie der Alten Hebräer, 1882
These works are not profound, but they bring together a certain amount of useful information. Bergel also wrote Geschichte der Juden in Ungarn, published in 1879 in Hungarian and German.
 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain:   
Chaim David Lippe, Bibliographisches Lexicon, v. 1, 2
Meyer Kayserling, Jüdische Litteratur, p. 131
Revue Etudes Juives, x. 266, 267
Ha-Ẓefirah, 1885, No. 12.
Toni Brito Silva Sá (born 15 September 1993) is a Bissau-Guinean professional footballer who currently plays as a winger for União da Madeira.
Silva kicked off his career with the youth academy of Real Sport Clube in 2007, and joined Benfica's junior team a season later. He made 7 appearances for the junior team before having a short stint with Chelsea reserves between 2008 and 2009. Then he joined Liverpool still with the reserves before getting a professional contract in 2011.
He joined Northampton Town on a one-month youth loan on 14 February 2012 making his debut the same day against AFC Wimbledon. Only a few hours into his time with Northampton he came on as a 74th-minute substitute for Adebayo Akinfenwa. Dribbling past three Wimbledon players his shot was parried and followed in by Luke Guttridge for the winning goal in a 1–0 win. Northampton manager Aidy Boothroyd after the match said; "We don't want to get excited too soon, but he's got Premier League quality", and added "He's dribbled past two or three people and he has got a great goalscoring record". On 22 February 2012, his loan with Northampton was extended until the end of the 2011–12 season.
On 13 March, he scored his first senior goal when he scored the only goal as his loan club won away at Dagenham & Redbridge. At the end of his loan spell he had played 15 times.
On 23 July 2012, Barnsley signed Silva from Liverpool on a free transfer on a two-year deal. After his move, Silva was given number 20 shirt. Manager Keith Hill comment on Silva saying; "He's left-footed and likes playing on the right," and added "He's quick with and without the ball, he's young and enthusiastic. There's a lot of development we've got to put into this player to make him into a £3million player and I believe we will be able to do that." Ahead of the start of the season, Silva suffered an injury on his hamstring during a friendly match against Doncaster Rovers and would be out of action for three months. After four-month lay-off, Silva finally made his debut, coming on as a 71st-minute substitute for Matt Done, in a 0–1 loss at Hull City. Since then, Silva was barely used in the first team. However, on 25 January 2013, the Barnsley Chronicle published an article saying he was still in David Flitcroft's plans but is currently working hard in the under-21s to try and force his way into the team by improving his game when he is not in possession.
On 27 March 2013 he was loaned to Dagenham & Redbridge until 23 April. He played four League Two matches for the East London side, and in June, he was released from Barnsley.
On 17 December 2013, Silva signed a 6-month contract with Bulgarian side CSKA Sofia, after a successful one-month trial period with the club. He marked with a goal his league début on 24 February 2014 against Chernomorets Burgas at Lazur Stadium in a 2–1 win; he came on as a substitute and scored the opening goal in the 72nd minute. A week later, Silva scored his second goal in a 3–0 home win over Slavia Sofia. After the fantastic start with the club, on 7 March 2014 his contract with CSKA was extended till June 2017. Silva finished the 2013–14 season with three goals in 15 games.
Silva netted his first goal of the 2014–15 season against Haskovo at Balgarska Armia in a 4–0 win on 10 August 2014. On 25 October he scored his fourth goal in the campaign, opening the scoring in the Eternal derby against Levski Sofia, which CSKA won 3–0. After the winter break Silva and the rest of his CSKA Sofia teammates experienced a significant drop in form with the team unable to score a goal for 10 consecutive matches. This negative streak was ended after Silva netted an equalizing goal in the 2:3 loss against Botev Plovdiv on 16 May 2015, during the second half of which he also received a red card after an altercation with Daniel Zlatkov and Plamen Nikolov. In April 2015, due to the ultras' disappointment with the team's performances and the lack of goals provided by Silva, the player was subjected to what was perceived to be racist chanting by a small number of the CSKA Sofia supporters.
After a short stint with Turkish team Şanlıurfaspor, Silva signed a two-and-a-half year contract (with the option for an additional year) with LigaPro club União Madeira.
Silva was born in Guinea-Bissau, but moved to Portugal as a child. He played for the Portugal U17s, and Portugal U18s. He ended up switching to the Guinea Bissau and made his debut in a 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualification victory over Zambia, wherein he scored his debut goal for the team.
Scores and results list Guinea-Bissau's goal tally first.
As of match played 31 May 2015
Toni Silva at footballzz.co.uk
Toni Silva career statistics at Soccerbase
Toni Silva profile at Soccerway
Toni Silva profile at ForaDeJogo
Official Liverpool FC Profile
The British Committee for the Reunification of the Parthenon Marbles (BCRPM) is a group of British people who support the return of the Parthenon (Elgin) marbles to Athens, Greece.
The inspiration for the campaign came from Melina Mercouri, who strongly argued for the restitution of the Parthenon marbles.
James Cubitt, a British architect, who firmly believed that the Parthenon Marbles, as integral architectural members of a unique and internationally valuable monument, should be assembled together in a museum as close to the Acropolis as possible. This would restore the beauty and meaning of the Parthenon, as well as its physical and scholarly integrity. He met with Melina Mercouri and Jules Dassin in Athens to discuss the idea of setting up a British campaign.
In October 1983, a British Committee was formed: the British Committee for the Restitution of the Parthenon Marbles
The aims of the Committee, as originally defined, are as follows:
"To secure the reunification of the Parthenon Marbles to Greece in accordance with the resolution of the UNESCO Conference of Ministers of Culture held in Mexico on 4 August 1982. To this end - we intend to present the case as fully as possible to the British public and to bring the most effective pressure on the Trustees of the British Museum and the British Government."
The Committee was then set up in 1983 under the chairmanship of Robert Browning (Byzantinist), Emeritus Professor of Greek at the University of London, an eminent scholar and polymath, internationally renowned and universally respected. James Cubitt was the first honorary member for the Committee, sadly he died in the same year. Eleni Cubitt, film producer and wife of James Cubitt became the Secretary and in 2010 she retired and continues to be the Founder for the Committee.
The British Committee for the Reunification of the Parthenon Marbles (BCRPM) is based in United Kingdom and its current Honorary President Chairman is Edward O'Hara, former MP.
The first members who joined the Committee were:
Christopher Price, journalist, broadcaster, former MP
Graham Binns, broadcaster administrator
Brian Clark, playwright
Sir Michael Dummett, professor
W. G. (George) Forrest, professor
John Gould, professor
In 2005, based on discussions with the public, the committee changed its name from British Committee for the Restitution of the Parthenon Marbles to British Committee for the Reunification of the Parthenon Marbles, as it was felt that out of all the arguments surrounding the Parthenon (Elgin) Marbles, that of reunifying two separated collections was perceived by many people as the most compelling.
The BCRPM's committee consists of:
Professor Anthony Snodgrass Honorary President
Mr Edward O'Hara, Chairman
Mr Chris Price Honorary Deputy Chairman
Mr Eleni Cubitt Founder
Mr George Bizos Human Rights Lawyer
Dr Tom Flynn, art historian
Dr Christopher Stockdale, events include swimming for the marbles (July 2000 Delos to Paros, 26 nautical miles) and cycling for the marbles (May 2005 London to Athens 2,200 miles)
Professor Oliver Taplin, scholar
Professor Paul Cartledge, scholar
Professor Judith Herrin, scholar
Mr Keith Hunter OBE
Mrs Marlen Godwin
Current and past supporters of the Committee include:
Professor A A M Bryer, scholar
Edward Enfield
Sir John Mortimer
Ted, Baron Willis
C.M. Woodhouse, 5th Baron Terrington, soldier, scholar, MP
Frederick, 4th Baron Ponsonby, politician
Janet Suzman
Spike Milligan
Tom Flynn, Art historian
Christina Borg, journalist
Andrew Dismore, politician
BCRPM received support from the actors:
Judi Dench
Vanessa Redgrave
Ian McKellen
Fiona Shaw
The sponsors of the Committee, who financed exhibitions and events for the campaign, include:
Nana Mouskouri (Greek)
Mr. John Polyzoides (Greek)
Over the past three decades the British Committee’s campaign included a travelling exhibitions, a sponsored swim and cycle ride by Dr Chris Stockdale, book launches, lectures, presentations, workshops, debates, polls and peaceful protests.
Since the opening of the Acropolis Museum the Committee has facilitate a number of visits to Athens for journalists, politicians and museologists.
In June 2012, the British Committee for the Reunification of the Parthenon Marbles in conjunction with American Committee for the Reunification of the Parthenon Sculptures and the International Organising Committee – Australia – for the Restitution of the Parthenon Marbles, organised an International Colloquy timed to coincide with the anniversary of the opening of the Acropolis Museum and the occasion of the London Olympics which started one month later. The first day was a collection of presentations and discussions held at London’s Hellenic Centre, this was followed by the presentation ‘Missing since 1801’ at the British Museum.
In November 2013 the colloquy will take place in Sydney, Australia and in 2014 in the USA.
The Oxford Union debate in 2004: the outcome was 133 in favour of returning the Parthenon marbles to Athens & 75 against.
The Cambridge Union debate in 2008, ‘This House would return the Parthenon Marbles to the New Acropolis Museum in Athens’: the outcome was 117 in favour and 46 against.
Both these debates had great difficulty in finding people to speak against the motion.
American Committee for the Reunification of the Parthenon Sculptures, Inc
Greek Committee for the Reunification of the Parthenon Marbles
International Association for the Reunification of the Parthenon Sculptures, with 17 Committee members
International Organising Committee-AUSTRALIA-For the Restitution of the Parthenon Marbles, Inc
Marbles Reunited
South African Committee for the Reunification of the Parthenon Sculptures
Melina Mercouri Foundation
Bring Them Back (video)
Acropolis of Athens
Tom Flynn, The Universal Museum (Lulu, 2012)
Christopher Hitchens, The Parthenon Marbles: A Case for Reunification (with a preface by Nadine Gordimer and essays by Robert Browning and Charalambos Bouras) (Verso, May 2008)
Dorothy King, The Elgin Marbles (Hutchinson, January 2006)
Mary Beard, The Parthenon (Profile Books, 2004)
Jeanette Greenfield 'The Return of Cultural Treasures'(Cambridge University Press 2007)
Ian Jenkins, The Parthenon Frieze (British Museum Press, 2002)
William St Clair, Lord Elgin and the Marbles (Oxford University Press, 1998)
Acropolis Museum
Parthenon
Elgin Marbles
The Adair Letter
Official Web Site
Acropolis Museum, Athens
The British Museum Parthenon pages
Farida Hisham Osman (born January 18, 1995) is an American-born competitive swimmer who has represented Egypt in international championships. An All-Africa Games gold medalist and Egyptian national champion and record-holder, she competes in the butterfly, freestyle and backstroke sprint events. She is currently coached by Ukrainian Volodymyr Hotsu at the Gezira Sporting Club. Osman holds the senior national records for all the butterfly, freestyle and backstroke sprint events, as well as an African record and title in the 50 m butterfly at 27.28 s. Osman won the 50 m butterfly event in a world junior championship record time of 26.69 s at the 3rd FINA World Junior Swimming Championships in Lima, Peru, earning the first ever world medal for Egypt.
Osman was born in Indianapolis, Indiana i 1995, daughter to dentists Hisham Osman and Randa Elsalawy. She started swimming at the age of five, alongside her brother Ahmed Osman, currently a student at the University of California, Berkeley, at the Gezira Sporting Club. Osman started at the Oasis French School in Cairo, but then transitioned to the French Embassy's Lycée Français du Caire. She studies at the Cairo American College.
Osman took a break from swimming to pursue her synchronized swimming passion. At the age of 11, she returned to swimming and won all the 50m and 100m freestyle and butterfly national titles, earning the "Best Swimmer" trophy. At the age of 12, she was selected to represent Egypt at the 11th Pan Arab Games in Cairo, Egypt. She was the youngest athlete on the team and participated in the 50m, 100m freestyle and the 50m and 100m butterfly. Osman broke the Arab record for the 50m butterfly where she became the youngest Egyptian and Arab athlete to ever win the event and break the record. She finished 6th in the 100m butterfly.
The same year she competed at the All Africa Games and finished fifth in the 50m butterfly with a time of 28.95.
Osman continued her career by participating in various international competitions such as the International Sindlefingen Swimming Competition (ISSC) where she competed in all sprint events in backstroke, butterfly and freestyle. She received the 2nd-place trophy for best sprinters in the competition.
At 13, Osman traveled to the United States for a summer camp, where she swam for the Bear Swimming Team in Berkeley, California. She participated in various competitions such as RESLs, Junior Olympics, Sectionals and Far Westerns where she was in the top 10 places of her year group.
3rd FINA Junior World Championship, Lima, Peru
At the 3rd FINA FINA World Junior Swimming Championships, which were held in Lima, Peru, Osman was one of the biggest surprised at the competition. In a world junior championship record time of 26.69, she became world junior champion in the 50m butterfly, placing Egypt 11th on the medalists charts, the highest rank any African or Arab nation has reached in a long time. In the 100m butterfly, Osman placed 15th with a time of 1:02.18.
13th FINA World Championship, Rome, Italy
At the 13th FINA 2009 World Aquatic Championships, which were held in Roma, Italy, Osman was among the youngest swimmers at the competition. She placed 66th in the 50m Freestyle clocking 26.77. She also placed 50th in the 50m Butterfly with a time of 27.78, making her the fastest swimmer in the world for her age group. Moreover, she placed 87th in the 100m free (59.45) and 64th in the 100m butterfly (1.03.21).
8th Junior African Championship, Mauritius
Shortly after the world championships, Osman went to Mauritius to represent Egypt at the 8th Junior African Champrionship. She placed 1st in the 50m freestyle, setting a new Junior African record with a time of 26.36. Similarly, in the 50m Butterfly, her apparently strongest event, she broke another Junior African record with a time of 27.60. Dominating in the sprinting events, Osman also won the gold medal in the 50m backstroke with a record time of 31.04. In her remaining events, Osman won the silver medal in the 100m butterfly with a time of 1:03.16, finishing second to South Africa's Vanessa Mohr. In both the 100m freestyle and 100m backstroke, Osman finished 3rd place.
2012 Summer Olympics
At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom, Osman represented Egypt in the 50m freestyle event beside her teammate Shehab Younis. Osman finished 42nd with a time of 26.34.
2013 World Aquatics Championships
At the 2013 World Aquatics Championships in Barcelona, Spain, Osman competed in four events. On the first day, Osman competed in the 100m butterfly, finishing 24th with a time of 59.85s. On the fifth day of competition, she swam the 100m freestyle while finishing 40th with a 56.84s. On the sixth day of competition, Osman finished 11th in the heats of her signature event, 50m butterfly while advancing to the semi-finals and finishing with a new African Record of 26.12s. Osman is the first Egyptian to qualify for a final at the World Aquatics Championships in the Egyptian history. On August 3, 2013, Osman finished 7th in the women's 50m butterfly final with a time of 26.17s respectively for Egypt. This is the best ranking ever by an Egyptian pool swimmer in a major international competition.
As of September 6, 2015.
Jason Blaine (born April 19, 1980 in Pembroke, Ontario) is a Canadian country music singer/songwriter from Pembroke, Ontario. The winner of Project Discovery 2002, Blaine has charted four singles on the Canadian Hot 100.
In 2002, Jason Blaine won Project Discovery 2002, a talent search sponsored by CMT. His victory led to the release of his first single the following year, "That's What I Do." Working with producer Jason Barry, Blaine released his independent debut album, While We Were Waiting, on July 26, 2005. Singles released from the album include "Heartache Like Mine," "While We Were Waiting" and "What I Can't Forget." Blaine signed with Icon Records in 2006, who re-released his album on June 24.
Blaine moved to Nashville to begin work on his second album. Make My Move was released by Koch Entertainment Canada on May 20, 2008. It was followed by Sweet Sundown in 2010 and Life So Far in 2011, both released by E1 Entertainment Canada. In 2013 he released his fifth album, Everything I Love, followed by his most recent one, Country Side, in 2015.
He lives in Nashville with his wife and four children.
 A Current single.
Official Site
Thesprotia graminis, common name American grass mantis or grass-like mantis, is a species of praying mantis native to the Southern United States. It is found in Florida and Georgia. This species can reproduce parthenogenetically or through sexual reproduction. T. graminis is similar in appearance to Brunneria borealis. 
Grass mantis
List of mantis genera and species
Lyka may refer to:
917 Lyka, a minor planet orbiting the Sun
Antal Lyka (1908-1976), a Hungarian football player and coach
Lyka (wasp), a wasp genus in the family Encyrtidae
Laika, space dog
Baron Ponsonby of Shulbrede, of Shulbrede in the County of Sussex, is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom. It was created in 1930 for the politician Arthur Ponsonby. Ponsonby was the third son of General Sir Henry Ponsonby and the great-grandson of Frederick Ponsonby, 3rd Earl of Bessborough. Frederick Ponsonby, 1st Baron Sysonby, was his elder brother. The first Baron's grandson, the third Baron, was also a Labour politician and notably served as Opposition Chief Whip in the House of Lords in the 1980s. As of 2010 the title is held by the latter's only son, the fourth Baron, who succeeded in 1990. He sat on the Labour benches in the House of Lords prior to the passing of the House of Lords Act 1999, when he lost his seat. However, in 2000 he was given a life peerage as Baron Ponsonby of Roehampton, of Shulbrede in the County of West Sussex, and was able to retake his seat in the House of Lords. As a descendant of the third Earl of Bessborough, he is also in remainder to this peerage and its subsidiary titles.
Arthur Augustus William Harry Ponsonby, 1st Baron Ponsonby of Shulbrede (1871–1946)
Matthew Henry Hubert Ponsonby, 2nd Baron Ponsonby of Shulbrede (1904–1976)
Thomas Arthur Ponsonby, 3rd Baron Ponsonby of Shulbrede (1930–1990)
Frederick Matthew Thomas Ponsonby, 4th Baron Ponsonby of Shulbrede (b. 1958)
The heir apparent is the present holder's son, Cameron John Jackson Ponsonby (b. 1995)
Earl of Bessborough
Baron de Mauley
Baron Ponsonby of Imokilly
Baron Sysonby
Lady Caroline Ponsonby
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990.
Leigh Rayment's Peerage Pages 
Wu Wenguang 吴文光 (born 1956 in Yunnan) is a Chinese independent documentary filmmaker. He is known internationally as one of the founding figures of Chinese independent documentary. His first film, Bumming in Beijing: The Last Dreamers, featured a large amount of handheld camerawork and unscripted interviews. This was a stark contrast to Chinese documentaries produced previously, which were generally carefully planned and controlled.
Wu Wenguang at the Internet Movie Database
James C. Scott (born 1936) is a political scientist and anthropologist. He is comparative scholar of agrarian and non-state societies, subaltern politics, and anarchism. His primary research has centered on peasants of Southeast Asia and their strategies of resistance to various forms of domination. Scott is Sterling Professor of Political Science at Yale University, where he has directed the Program in Agrarian Studies since 1991.
Scott received his bachelor's degree from Williams College and his MA and PhD in political science from Yale. He taught at the University of Wisconsin–Madison until 1976 and has remained at Yale for the duration of his career. He lives in Durham, Connecticut, where he raises sheep.
Scott was born in Mount Holly, New Jersey in 1936. He attended the Moorestown Friends School, a Quaker Day School,and in 1953, matriculated at Williams College in Massachusetts. On the advice of Indonesia scholar William Hollinger, he wrote an honors thesis on the economic development of Burma.
On graduation, Scott received a Rotary International Fellowship to study in Burma, where he was recruited by an American student activist who had become an anti-communist organizer for the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). Scott agreed to do reporting for the agency and at the end of his fellowship a post in the Paris office of the National Student Association, which accepted CIA money and direction in working against communist-controlled global student movements over the next few years. Scott began graduate study in political science at Yale in 1961. His dissertation on political ideology in Malaysia, which was supervised by Robert E. Lane, analyzed interviews with Malaysian civil servants. In 1967, he took a position as an assistant professor in political science at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. As a Southeast Asianist teaching during the Vietnam War, he offered popular courses on the war and peasant revolutions. In 1976, having earned tenure at Madison, Scott returned to Yale and settled on a farm in Durham, Connecticut with his wife. They started with a small farm, then purchased a larger one nearby in the early 1980s and began raising sheep for their wool.
Scott's first books were based on archival research, and he is unusual for conducting his primary ethnographic fieldwork only after receiving tenure. To research his third book, Weapons of the Weak, Scott spent fourteen months in a village in Kedah, Malaysia between 1978 and 1980. When he had finished a draft, he returned for two months to solicit villagers' impressions of his depiction, and significantly revised the book based on their criticisms and insight.
James Scott's work focuses on the ways that subaltern people resist domination. His original interest was in peasants in the Kedah state of Malaysia.
During the Vietnam War, he took an interest in Vietnam, and he wrote The Moral Economy of the Peasant: Subsistence and Rebellion in Southeast Asia (1976) about the ways peasant peoples resisted authority. His main argument was that peasants prefer the patron-client relations of the "Moral Economy," in which wealthier peasants protect weaker ones. When these traditional forms of solidarity break down due to the introduction of market forces, rebellion (or revolution) is likely. Samuel Popkin, in his book The Rational Peasant (1979), tried to refute this argument, showing that peasants are also rational actors who prefer free markets to exploitation by local elites. Scott and Popkin thus represent two radically different positions in the formalist vs substantivist debate in political anthropology.
In Weapons of the Weak: Everyday Forms of Peasant Resistance (1985) Scott expanded his theories to peasants in other parts of the world, and in Domination and the Arts of Resistance: Hidden Transcripts (1990) he argued that all subordinate groups resist in ways similar to peasants. His first three books, as detailed above, have been summarized humorously with the descriptions "Peasants in Malaysia, peasants everywhere, everyone everywhere." Scott's theories are often contrasted with Gramscian ideas about hegemony. Against Gramsci, Scott argues that the everyday resistance of subalterns shows that they have not consented to dominance.
In Domination and the Arts of Resistance, Scott uses the term public transcript to describe the open, public interactions between dominators and oppressed and the term hidden transcript for the critique of power that goes on offstage, which power holders do not see or hear. Different systems of domination, including political, economic, cultural, or religious, have aspects that are not heard that go along with their public dimensions. In order to study the systems of domination, careful attention is paid to what lies beneath the surface of evident, public behavior. In public, those that are oppressed accept their domination, but they always question their domination offstage. On the event of a publicization of this "hidden transcript", oppressed classes openly assume their speech, and become conscious of its common status.
Scott's monograph Seeing Like a State: How Certain Schemes to Improve the Human Condition Have Failed (1998) took him more into the realm of political science. In it, he showed how central governments attempt to force legibility on their subjects, and fail to see complex, valuable forms of local social order and knowledge. Scott uses examples like the introduction of permanent last names in Great Britain, cadastral surveys in France, standard units of measure across Europe to argue that a reconfiguration of social order necessary for state scrutiny, and require the simplification of prior arrangements. In the case of last names, Scott cites a Welsh man who appeared in court and identified himself with a long string of patronyms: "John, ap Thomas ap William" etc. In his local village, this naming system carried a lot of information, because people could identify him as the son of Thomas and grandson of William, and thus distinguish him from the other Johns and the other grandchildren of Thomas. It was of less use to the central government, which did not know Thomas or William. The court demanded that John take a permanent last name (in this case, the name of his village). This helped the central government keep track of its subjects, but it lost local information. Scott argues that in order for schemes to improve the human condition to succeed, they must take into account local conditions, and that the high-modernist ideologies of the 20th century have prevented this. He highlights collective farms in the Soviet Union, the building of Brasilia, and Prussian forestry techniques as examples of failed schemes.
In The Art of Not Being Governed: An Anarchist History of Upland Southeast Asia, Scott wrote:
... All identities, without exception, have been socially constructed: the Han, the Burman, the American, the Danish, all of them.... To the degree that the identity is stigmatized by the larger state or society, it is likely to become for many a resistant and defiant identity. Here invented identities combine with self-making of a heroic kind, in which such identifications become a badge of honor....
In Two Cheers for Anarchism: Six Easy Pieces on Autonomy, Dignity, and Meaningful Work and Play from 2012 Scott says that "Lacking a comprehensive anarchist worldview and philosophy, and in any case wary of nomothetic ways of seeing, I am making a case for a sort of anarchist squint. What I aim to show is that if you put on anarchist glasses and look at the history of popular movements, revolutions, ordinary politics, and the state from that angle, certain insights will appear that are obscured from almost any other angle. It will also become apparent that anarchist principles are active in the aspirations and political action of people who have never heard of anarchism or anarchist philosophy."
Scott is a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and has been awarded resident fellowships at the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences, the Institute for Advanced Study, and the Science, Technology and Society Program at M.I.T.. He has also received research grants from the National Science Foundation, the National Endowment for the Humanities, and the Guggenheim Foundation, and was president of the Association for Asian Studies in 1997.
(Note: excludes edited volumes.)
Decoding subaltern politics. Ideology, disguise, and resistance in agrarian politics. Routledge, 2012 (Critical Asian scholarship ; 8) ISBN 9-780-41553975-3
Two Cheers for Anarchism: Six Easy Pieces on Autonomy, Dignity, and Meaningful Work and Play. Princeton University Press, 2012 ISBN 0-691-15529-1
The Art of Not Being Governed: An Anarchist History of Upland Southeast Asia. Yale University Press, 2009 ISBN 0-300-15228-0
Seeing Like a State: How Certain Schemes to Improve the Human Condition Have Failed. Yale University Press, 1998 ISBN 0-300-07016-0
Domination and the Arts of Resistance: Hidden Transcripts. Yale University Press, 1990 ISBN 0-300-04705-3
Weapons of the Weak: Everyday Forms of Peasant Resistance. Yale University Press, 1985 ISBN 0-300-03336-2
The Moral Economy of the Peasant: Rebellion and Subsistence in Southeast Asia. Yale University Press, 1979 ISBN 0-300-01862-2
Comparative Political Corruption. Prentice-Hall, 1972 ISBN 0-131-79036-6
Zomia
Homepage at Yale
James Scott explores governance in the Southeast Asian highlands at Asia Society, November 2010 (w/ video)
James Scott interviewed by Alan Macfarlane 26th March 2009
Interview with James Scott by Theory Talks, May 2010
A virtual workplace is a workplace that is not located in any one physical space. It is usually in a network of several workplaces technologically connected (via a private network or the Internet) without regard to geographic boundaries. Employees are thus able to interact in a Collaborative Working Environment regardless of where they are located. A virtual workplace integrates hardware, people, and online processes.
As information technology began to play a greater role in the daily operations of organizations, virtual workplaces developed as an augmentation or alternative to traditional work environments of rooms, cubicles and office buildings.
Individual virtual workplaces vary in how they apply existing technology to facilitate team cooperation:
1. Telecommuting: the availability and use of communications technologies, such as the Internet, to work in an offsite location.
2. Hot desk environment: employees do not have individual desks but are rather each day allocated to a desk where they can access technology services including the Internet, email and computer network files. This is similar to "hotelling": recognizing that employees spend more time at clients' offices than at the employer's office, they are not assigned a permanent desk.
3. Virtual team: employees collaborate by working closely together and in regular contact, although physically located in different parts of the world.
There are several factors that drive the interest in using virtual workplaces.
Office space has become a major expense for many organisations. One response has been to reduce the amount of space each employee occupies. Another is to increase the flexibility of the office’s layout and design. It is not easy to make the most of these approaches and keep employees happy—unless flexible work practices are also used.
There are more women in the workforce, more employees of other nationalities, increased participation from indigenous people and the average age of employees is increasing. These trends are forcing employers to rethink how they employ and manage staff and how they respond to employee interests and demands.
The costs of the energy needed to commute, live and work are increasing rapidly. Urban forms are expected to change as a result.
Virtual workplaces are advantageous in an information age where technology is expanding rapidly and consumer needs are being met from around the world. A virtual workplace enables individuals to work from any place in the world at any time. This is convenient not only for the employee, but for the consumer as well. For an international organization it fits the need for excellent and timely customer service.
Virtual workplaces streamline systems from multiple facets of work into a single unified unit easily accessible by both the consumer and the employee. Decreasing costs as well as increasing efficiency, due to the single system, is an instantaneous advantage. A virtual workplace is easier for employees because it often reduces business travel, consolidates services, and assists in the communication process. Two examples of costs saved by IBM clients' virtual workplace implementation are:
A global technology organization reported savings of $54 million in the first year of integrating the virtual workplace concept into the organization.
An international financial organization estimated savings of over €270 million within five years
Productivity is crucial to any organization. With the implementation of a virtual workplace, productivity may be increased because employees are more focused on business-related projects with only one system to overview. Also, collaborating with team members is made easy with a virtual workplace. With the internet, projects can be completed with increased speed and effectiveness, resulting in saved time. Most important, the needs of consumers are being met with a virtual workplace since it is more convenient for employees to access organizations.
Virtual workplaces allow a company to reach more of its employees via meeting workspaces and virtual training sessions. A company may choose to send only a handful of regional managers to a conference it sponsors annually to receive training in a new product. It may then rely on the managers to pass that knowledge on to its employees. Having a virtual training session saves a company money, not only the cost of travel where only a small handful of its employees receive proper training, but in the long run where all of its employees can receive the proper training and be more productive with a sharper learning curve.
In addition, the employees can more easily accommodate both personal and professional lives.
Some common challenges are:
Failure to leverage the technology that supports virtual workplaces, resulting in decrease in productivity
Lack of human contact could cause decreased team spirit, trust and productivity
Increased sensitivity to communication, interpersonal and cultural factors
Telecommuting
Dempster, Mike Team - Building key for virtual workplace Retrieved on June 26, 2006
Powell, Anne Virtual Teams - A review of current literature and directions for future research Retrieved on June 26, 2006
Yager, Susan Everything's coming up virtual Retrieved on June 26, 2006
Greenlee, Dana Building a community in the virtual workplace Retrieved on June 26, 2006
Stephen Haag, Maeve Cummings, Donald McCubbrey, Alain Pinsonneault and Richard Donovan Third Canadian Edition Management Information Systems for the Information Age Mcgraw-Hill Ryerson, Canada, 2006
Prudz, Patryk VirtualWorkspace the drivers, opportunities and solutions November 6, 2012
RTM Muzik Aktif (Malay: Active Music) is a music channel in Malaysia. It is the first Malaysian music channel, and one of the first Malaysian digital channels. It launched on the Astro platform on 16 March 2009. It is now a satellite channel, following the reportedly deferral and abandonment of the digital terrestrial television project by RTM.
On 10 April 2011, Muzik Aktif is replaced with the new RTM channel focusing on East Malaysian viewers, TVi, but it still broadcasts via internet and DVB-T to those in Klang Valley.
The Camera & the Song is a compilation album composed of songs by various folk bands and artists like Fivepenny Piece or Tír na nÓg from the BBC Two television series The Camera & the Song. The songs were broadcast in the early 1970s and this LP released in 1975.
"Mountain Climber" (John Meeks, Colin Radcliffe) - Fivepenny Piece
"Boat Song" (Leo O'Kelly) - Leo O'Kelly & Sonny Condell
"Paradise Flats" (Alex Glasgow) - Alex Glasgow
"Michael in the Garden" (Ralph McTell) - Ralph McTell
"The Apprentice's Song" (Ian Campbell) - The Ian Campbell Folk Group
"Duw It's Hard" (Max Boyce) - Max Boyce
"Backbreaker" (John Gorman, Roger McGough, Neil Innes, Andy Roberts, Dave Richards, John Megginson) - Grimms
"Two White Horses" (Sonny Condell) - Leo O'Kelly & Sonny Condell
"All in a Day" (Glasgow) - Alex Glasgow
"For My Father" (Harvey Andrews) - Harvey Andrews
"Country Bus" (Jake Thackray) - Jake Thackray
"Blackpool" (Jeremy Taylor) - Jeremy Taylor
Orienteering is a family of sports that requires navigational skills using a map and compass to navigate from point to point in diverse and usually unfamiliar terrain, and normally moving at speed. Participants are given a topographical map, usually a specially prepared orienteering map, which they use to find control points. Originally a training exercise in land navigation for military officers, orienteering has developed many variations. Among these, the oldest and the most popular is foot orienteering. For the purposes of this article, foot orienteering serves as a point of departure for discussion of all other variations, but almost any sport that involves racing against a clock and requires navigation with a map is a type of orienteering.
Orienteering is included in the programs of world sporting events including the World Games (see Orienteering at the World Games) and World Police and Fire Games.
Orienteering sports combine significant navigation with a specific method of travel. Because the method of travel determines the needed equipment and tactics, each sport requires specific rules for competition and guidelines for orienteering event logistics and course design.
Canoe orienteering
Car orienteering
Foot orienteering
Mountain bike orienteering
Mountain marathoning
Mounted orienteering
Radio orienteering [including variants Fox Oring and Radio Orienteering in a Compact Area (ROCA)]
Rogaining
Ski-orienteering
SportLabyrinth – micro orienteering
Trail orienteering
Adventure racing is a combination of two or more disciplines, and usually includes orienteering as part of the race.
At international level, the International Orienteering Federation (IOF) defines rules and guidelines which govern four orienteering sports: foot orienteering, mountain bike orienteering, ski orienteering, and trail orienteering. It is based in Finland and it claims on its website to aim to "spread the sport of orienteering, to promote its development and to create and maintain an attractive world event programme." Since 1977 the IOF has been recognised by the IOC
There are governing bodies for most of the individual nations that are represented in the sport of orienteering. These national bodies are the rule-making body for that nation. For example, the British Orienteering Federation is the national governing body for the United Kingdom. The federation was founded in 1967 and it is made up of 13 constituent associations. For the United States, the national governing body is Orienteering USA.
Most nations have some form of regional governing bodies. These are not rule-making bodies but are there to assist in coordinating clubs within that region, e.g., they may allocate dates so that clubs do not clash with their events.
Clubs are usually formed at a local level and affiliated to their national governing body. It is clubs who put on events usually open to all-comers. Clubs may also put on practice, training, and social events. Open clubs are open to anyone and there is usually no restriction on joining them. Closed clubs restrict their membership to specific groups. For example, BAOC (British Army Orienteering Club) has restrictions on who may join, principally British Army personnel.
The International Rogaining Federation governs rogaining.
Separate organizations govern competitive mounted orienteering in the United States and Europe (and the two sports are dissimilar).
The International Amateur Radio Union governs amateur radio direction finding.
Orienteering terms vary within English speaking countries, and in other countries where English is the de facto international language of orienteering. Variations are set out in table below.
The history of orienteering begins in the late 19th century in Sweden, the actual term "orientering" (the original Swedish name for orienteering, lit. "orientation") was first used in 1886 and meant the crossing of unknown land with the aid of a map and a compass. In Sweden, orienteering grew from military training in land navigation into a competitive sport for military officers, then for civilians. The name is derived from a word root meaning to find the direction or location. The first orienteering competition open to the public was held in Norway in 1897.
From the beginning, locations selected for orienteering have been chosen in part for their beauty, natural or man-made. For the first public orienteering competition in Sweden, in 1901, control points included two historic churches, Spånga kyrka and Bromma kyrka (a round church).
With the invention of inexpensive yet reliable compasses, the sport gained popularity during the 1930s. By 1934, over a quarter million Swedes were participants, and orienteering had spread to Finland, Switzerland, the Soviet Union, and Hungary. Following World War II, orienteering spread throughout Europe and to Asia, North America and Oceania. In Sweden in 1959, an international orienteering conference was held. Representatives from 12 countries (Austria, Bulgaria, Czechoslovakia, Denmark, Finland, East and West Germany, Hungary, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, Yugoslavia) participated. In 1961, orienteering organizations representing 10 European nations founded the International Orienteering Federation (IOF). Since then, IOF has supported the founding of many national orienteering federations. By 2010, 71 national orienteering federations were member societies of the International Orienteering Federation. These federations enabled the development of national and world championships. World championships were held every two years until 2003, then every year.
Throughout this time, orienteering has remained most popular in Scandinavia. There, the two oldest recurring orienteering meets have been held since the 1940s (Jukola relay and Tiomila), and the single largest orienteering meet has been held every year since 1965 and attracts around 15,000 competitors (O-Ringen).
Typically, orienteering is run in wild terrain. In its Scandinavian origins, this typically meant in the forest, but orienteering in open fell, heathland, moorland and other mixed terrain is also common. Orienteering in towns has been common for many years. Street-O has typically been a low-key affair; score events, often at night, normally as informal training events. The Venice street-O is notable for attracting a large international participation. With Park World Tour races and other (e.g. World championships) elite sprint races often being held in urban areas, and the development of a map specification for urban areas (ISSOM), from the mid-2000s, Street-O has been rebranded as urban orienteering, and has taken itself rather more seriously, with full colour maps and electronic punching, and may now be regarded as a serious competition with inclusion in national ranking lists. Such urban races are often much longer than the sprint distance.
The competition, or race, is intended to test the navigational skill, concentration, and running ability of the competitors. High levels of fitness and running speed are required to compete successfully at an international or elite level. To ensure fairness between competitors the map is not usually provided until the start, and starts are normally staggered with competitors starting at not less than one-minute intervals.
The objective on each leg is to follow the fastest route between controls. The fastest is not always the shortest route, and can depend heavily on route choice.
Orienteering competitions use specially prepared orienteering maps. They are topographic maps although much more detailed than general-purpose maps. The ISOM map scales are 1:15,000 or 1:10,000, with grids aligned to magnetic north. Map symbols are standardized by the IOF, and designed to be readable by any competitor regardless of background or native tongue.
Orienteering events offer a range of courses, of varying physical and technical difficulty, to meet the needs of competitors. The orienteering course is marked in purple or red on a map. A triangle is used to indicate the start and a double circle indicates the finish. Circles are used to show the control points.
At international, national, and the larger events courses are classified by age, e.g., M35 for men 35 years of age and older. Classes requiring similar distances are usually combined into a smaller number of courses, e.g., M60 will normally share a course with W50, and often with M65 and W55. The results are normally arranged by class.
In the smaller events courses are provided by ability The United States and the United Kingdom, use colour-coded courses to define the difficulty of the courses. Short, easy courses are provided for beginners and the younger competitors, with technically and physically demanding courses being provided for the experienced orienteers.
Some orienteering clubs have set up permanent courses, which can be used for personal, or club, training. Non-standard permanent markers are used as control kites, and maps of the courses are usually available publicly for a fee. The courses are usually set up in public areas and there may be some restrictions on access, e.g., daylight hours only. Clubs also organise informal events for practice and training.
Control points are placed on features on the map that can be clearly identified on the ground. Control points are marked in the terrain by white and orange "flags".
Competitors receive a "control description sheet" or "clue sheet" which gives a precise description of the feature and the location of the kite, e.g., boulder, 5m, north side. For experienced orienteers the descriptions use symbols (pictorial), in accordance with the IOF Control descriptions.
Each competitor is required to carry an electronic or paper control card, and to present it at the Start and hand it in at the Finish. The control card is marked by some means at each control point to show that the competitor has completed the course correctly. Most events now use electronic punching, although cards and needle punches are still widely used.
The winner is normally the competitor with the fastest time, but other scoring systems can be used, e.g., score events and Trail-O. Most events produce provisional results 'on the day', with draft results on the Internet that night; the final results being confirmed a few days later. With electronic punching the results can include split times for competitors. These show the times between controls and aggregate times to each control. With suitable computer software these times can be displayed in a graphical form (Progressograph).
Each competitor is responsible for his or her own safety. There are no rules, but there are guidelines, which should be followed. The basic safety check was the stub check. The competitor hands in his stub at the start and his control card at the finish. Event officials match the two and any unmatched stubs represent a missing competitor. This has been superseded with electronic punching in that event officials can now request a ‘still to finish’ report listing all those competitors who punched at the start but have not yet downloaded their electronic card. All competitors must report to the finish whether they have completed the course or not.
IOF rule 21.1 is that the specification for clothing is delegated to the national organising body, and no specific clothing is required. UK rule 7.1.1 requires full body cover: the torso and legs must be covered. The organiser may allow shorts, e.g., in park or street orienteering. In the United States, rule A.34.1 states that competitors are free to choose clothing that they are most comfortable in (full leg cover is not required), unless specifically stated in the meet announcement.
The early competitors used standard athletic clothing, i.e., shorts and an athletic vest, which provided little protection for racing through undergrowth. Purpose-made lightweight nylon full-body suits were later adopted. The early O-suits were made in muted colours but modern suits are generally multi-coloured. Clubs often organise the bulk purchase of clothing, which are then made in the club colours with the club’s name prominently displayed. Some competitors prefer lycra tights or leggings. Gaiters are also often worn. Lightweight studded (and often cleated) orienteering shoes are commonly used.
The basic equipment required for orienteering is usually listed as a compass and appropriate outdoor clothing. Most national bodies recommend that a whistle be carried for safety.
Competitive orienteers usually use specialized equipment:
A thumb compass, or protractor compass on a short wrist cord.
A clear map case to protect the map. May be provided by organizers in competitions.
A clear plastic sleeve, worn on the forearm, to hold control descriptions.
A map board, fixed to the handlebars or worn on the arm or strapped to the torso (MTB-O, Ski-o and ARDF only).
IOF rules forbid the use of artificial aids that competitors can refer to during a race, so GPS and other electronic navigation devices are not used. (ARDF may allow them at some events). GPS logging devices that track and record position, without allowing competitors to refer to the data during the race, are permitted, and are increasingly being used for post-race route-choice analysis and live tracking for event spectators.
Classic orienteering involves a race between controls in a preset order. The winner is the person who completes the course in the shortest time. This is called a "cross-country" course as distinct from a score course (see below). Courses are normally designed so that the fastest route is not straightforward to find on the map, or to follow on the ground. The classic race has a typical winning time of 75–90 minutes. As of 2007, the IOF have dictated that the "classic" course should be redesignated the "long".
The middle distance is a shorter cross-country race than the classic (or long), with a winning time in the region of 30 minutes and with an emphasis more on fine navigation than route-choice. When races of this distance were run in the mid-late 1990s, they were called "short" races, or "sprint-O". The short distance was introduced as a world championship discipline in 1991. More recently, though the IOF have renamed this distance as "middle".
A relay race is run by a team of competitors each running a course, and the result is based on the team's total time. Relays usually employ a mass start instead of a staggered start. Relays are part of World Orienteering Championships both as sprint relays and as cross-country relays. Additionally, there are popular mass club races out of which Jukola relay has the highest number of participating clubs 1,787 (in 2015), while 25-manna has the highest number of legs 25. To reduce competitors following each other, various spreading methods might be used. This is called "gaffling", which is a Swedish word meaning "forking". The key principle is that every team must run every leg (between each pair of two controls), but not necessarily in the same order. The IOF have introduced the nomenclature to try to clarify the usage of the word "leg". In orienteering usage, leg normally refers to the part of a race between two control points. In relay (non-orienteering) usage, leg refers to the part of a race run by a single team member. The IOF prefer "lap" for this latter term, but despite this, in common parlance, "leg" is used for both terms.
Competitors visit as many controls as possible within a time limit. There is usually a mass start (rather than staggered), with a time limit. Controls may have different point values depending on difficulty, and there is a point penalty for each minute late. The competitor with the most points is the winner. The large-scale, endurance-style version of a Score-O is known as a rogaine, competed by teams in events lasting (often) 24 hours. A very large area is used for competition, and the map scale is smaller. The format originated in Australia. The term ROGAINE is often said to stand for Rugged Outdoor Group Activity Involving Navigation and Endurance; this is essentially a backronym, as the name actually originates from the names of Rod, Gail and Neil Phillips, who were among Australian Rogaining's first participants.
Very short races, with winning times in the region of 12–15 minutes, often held in city parks and other more urban settings. Map scales are usually 1:5,000 or 1:4,000. Control sites can include benches, litterbins, sculptures, and other objects common to urban parks. The sprint distance may also be held in the forest, when it would be called a "forest sprint" as opposed to an "urban sprint". This distance was pioneered in the late 1990s as an elite event by the Park World Tour organisation who organised an independent "world cup" in park sprint orienteering. In 2001 in Tampere, the IOF included a sprint distance in the orienteering world championships.
Ultrasprint events are held in a specially constructed labyrinth. Due to the limited area of the labyrinth, ultrasprint is a more spectator-friendly form of orienteering. Also, as the course is artificial, identical courses can be set in different geographical locations for simultaneous local competitions as parts of a larger tournament.
Competitors use a headlamp to navigate in the dark. Reflective markers often are used on control point flags, which shifts the tactics from precision navigation to searching. Competitors can travel at high speed to the vicinity of the control point, then sweep the area with the light to catch a reflection off the control flag. If a night event starts before dark, a mass start must be used so all competitors have equal time in the light and dark. The two classic club relays, Tiomila and Jukola, both include night legs. Full length (24-hour) rogaines and many adventure races run through the night, without a dark period, and competitors may choose not to rest.
Competitors follow a string around a short course, noting down things that they find on the way. This is generally used by young children and people new to the sport who want to find out what it is like.
Precision orienteering generally is not a speed event, but rather a test of the competitors' ability to precisely match map and terrain. Examples include trail-O (untimed), TREC style mounted orienteering, and Radio Orienteering in a Compact Area (ROCA). Both trail-O and ROCA use decoys in the vicinity of the control point.
Efforts begun in 1996 to promote the inclusion of orienteering in the Olympic Games have so far been unsuccessful, although orienteering became a sport in the World Games in 2001, and is a sport in the Summer Deaflympics. Supporters recognize that the sport is neither television- nor spectator-friendly, the venue of competition is often necessarily remote from major cities, and the duration of the event is longer than most other individual competitions. Efforts to develop a format suitable for Olympic competitions have focused on park orienteering, micro-orienteering, and short-distance relays. Sprint Orienteering on foot as a format of the sport is most likely to be included in Olympic Games, as this discipline is becoming more and more popular worldwide and can have a significant spectator interest. According to the website of a Chicago Orienteering club, "the International Orienteering Federation is committed to entering the Olympic World."
Although not an official demonstration sport, an international ski-orienteering event was held in Sugadaira Kōgen, Japan, as part of the International Cultural Festival held in conjunction with the XVIII Winter Olympic Games in Nagano in 1998. The International Orienteering Federation petitioned the International Olympic Committee in 2002 to include ski orienteering in the 2006 Winter Olympic Games, noting that it could share the venue with the biathlon competitions. In its formal recommendation that ski orienteering not be included in those games, the Olympic Programme Commission focused on a lack of participation in the sport outside Nordic countries, "the challenges for broadcasters and spectators to easily follow the competition", and the costs associated with new technology and a new results system. In 2005, the International Olympic Committee confirmed that ski orienteering was under consideration for inclusion in the review process of the Olympic sport program for the 2014 Winter Olympic Games. On 28 November 2006, the Executive Board of the IOC decided not to include any new sports in this review process.
Adventure racing
ARDF Amateur Radio Direction Finding – Radio Orienteering
Cross-country running
Letterboxing
Reconnaissance
Trail blazing
Underwater orienteering
Wayfinding
International Orienteering Federation
YouTube.com: Orienteering, USOF style
Inam-ul-Haq is a Pakistani career diplomat who served as the Foreign Minister of Pakistan in the caretaker government of Muhammad Mian Soomro for four months in the winter of 2007-2008. He also remained Minister of State for Foreign Affairs from June 2002 till the appointment of Khurshid Mahmud Kasuri as Foreign Minister in November 2002, and Foreign Secretary, the highest post of Ministry of Foreign Affairs, after he replaced Shamshad Ahmad in February 2000.
Haq served as Pakistan Ambassador to Turkey, China (1997–1999) and Permanent Representative to the United Nations before being appointed as Foreign Secretary.
Inam-ul-Haq was the Chairman, Board of Governors at Institute of Strategic Studies, a leading strategic studies think tank in Islamabad funded by Pakistan Foreign Office. He also held the position of Chairman at Pakistan-China Friendship Forum. Inam-ul-Haq was the member, Board of Governors at Institute of Regional Studies, Islamabad. Being a seasoned diplomat, he was the Distinguished Visiting Fellow at the premier military academy, the National Defence University Pakistan. He frequently delivers lectures at the National Security Workshops.
Before joining the Foreign Service of Pakistan in November 1965, Inam-ul-Haq taught English language and literature from 1961-65. From November 1965 to September 1966, after completion of pre-service training of civil servants at Civil Services Academy Lahore, his first professional assignment with the government of Pakistan was as section officer at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Pakistan), from September 1966 to January 1968. Viewing his capabilities and fortitude, Inam-ul-Haq was designated as Third Secretary with the Permanent Representative of Pakistan to the United Nations, New York from January 1968 to May 1969. Later, the same year, he was posted to Lagos, Nigeria where he served as Second Secretary to the Embassy of Pakistan till July 1971. After completion of his assignment in Nigeria, Inam-ul-haq was posted to Lisbon, Portugal in July 1971 as the Charge d’ Affaires to the Embassy of Pakistan. In August 1974, Inam-ul-Haq was sent to Kingdom of Saudi Arabia as the first Secretary to the Embassy of Pakistan where he served till October 1976.
With his growing experience as a diplomat, in October 1976 the foreign office designated him the responsibility of Counsellor at the Permanent Mission of Pakistan to United Nations, New York. He held the duty with full vigour and sense of professionalism and served the mission till February 1979. For the next 6 years, Inam-ul-Haq served as the Director and subsequently, the Director-General at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in charge of UN and its affiliated organizations as well as all other multilateral organizations i.e. Non-Aligned Movement, Organisation of Islamic Cooperation(OIC) etc.
In February 1985, he was sent as Advisor and Chef du Cabinet to the Secretary General of the Organization of Islamic Conference Jeddah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia where the OIC benefitted from his expertise till November 1988. The same month, he was called back to Pakistan for more pressing responsibilities as Additional Foreign Secretary, in charge of Multilateral Affairs, Africa, Soviet Union and Eastern Europe and Asia-Pacific. Accredited of his persuasive communication skills, he was given the responsibility of being the Official Spokesman of the Government of Pakistan on Foreign Affairs.
In February 1992 he was posted in Ankara as the Ambassador of Pakistan to the Republic of Turkey where he served till November 1996. In November 1996, he became the Special Secretary at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Islamabad. He held the position till March 1997 when he was assigned the task of ambassadorship of Pakistan to the Peoples Republic of China. Inam-ul-Haq served in Beijing till June, 1999.
Due to his excellent advocacy and negotiation skills, he was given the charge of Permanent Representative of Pakistan to the United Nations, from July 1999 till February 2000 in New York. After completion of his duties at New York, he returned to Pakistan as Foreign Secretary and served from February 2000 to June 2002. While serving in this capacity, Inam-ul-Haq’s performance drew the attention of President General Pervez Musharraf who requested him to join the cabinet, making him the Minister of State for Foreign Affairs of Pakistan from June to November 2002.
Inam-ul-Haq was happily married to senior Pakistani diplomat, ambassador Seema Naqvi, until she died in late 2014.
Pak appoints Qazi envoy to USA
Soomro heads interim govt: Inamul Haq among ministers
Grindelia fraxinipratensis, Ash Meadows gumweed, is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family. It is native to the southwestern United States, in Mojave Desert regions in Nye County in Nevada and Inyo County in California. Some of the Nevada populations (including the type locality) lie inside the Nevada Test Site of the United States Atomic Energy Commission
Some sources spell the name as G. fraxino-pratensis. Grindelia fraxinipratensis is the accepted spelling according to the International Code of Nomenclature.
Grindelia fraxinipratensis grows in meadows and on the borders of woodlands. It is a biennial or perennial herb growing 50–120 cm (19.5–47 in) tall, erect in form, brown or reddish, and hairless and oily. It grows from a thick undergroung caudex atop a woody taproot. The dark green leaves are up to 7 centimeters (2.8 inches) long, widely lance-shaped or oblong, sometimes toothed near the tips, and studded with visible resin glands. The inflorescence bears one to four flower heads lined with thick phyllaries. The head contains about 15 yellow disc florets surrounded by about 13 yellow ray florets each about 4 millimeters (0.16 inches) long. The fruit is an achene with a pappus made up of two awns.
Grindelia fraxinipratensis is native to the Amargosa Valley along the southern part of the border between California and Nevada, where it is known from only 14 to 16 locations. Many are found within the Ash Meadows National Wildlife Refuge in the Amargosa Desert area.
The plant grows in the clay, saline and alkaline soils of the land surrounding desert warm springs in the valley. Its main habitat type is the saltgrass meadow (Distichlis spicata). It is relatively abundant in the moist areas of its habitat, and rare in the drier areas.
Grindelia fraxinipratensisis a federally listed threatened species. Habitat in the area was first altered when peat mining was started and Carson Slough, a large local wetland, was drained. The area was then farmed. Large scale farming by corporate agriculture altered much of the Ash Meadows habitat. Today a main threat to the species is the lowering of the water table, which may move water supplies too deep into the soil for the plant to reach with its roots. Other threats include trampling by feral horses and cattle, off-road vehicle use, and non-native plant species.
The men's Mistral light competition at the 2002 Asian Games in Busan was held from 3 to 9 October 2002.
All times are Korea Standard Time (UTC+09:00)
Legend
DNC — Did not come to the starting area
DNF — Did not finish
2002 Asian Games Report, Page 576
Results
Chafing fuel is a fuel used for heating food, typically placed under a chafing dish. It is usually sold in a small canister and burned directly within that canister, with or without a wick.
The fuel often contains methanol, ethanol, or diethylene glycol, as these may be burned safely indoors, and produce minimal soot or odor. These fuels are also used for emergency heating, outdoor cooking, and fondue.
The first two fuels are similar with regards to consistency, both having a gel form (viscosities can vary with brand), operating procedures, and product design. Ethanol is a more energetic fuel giving 1300kJ/mol heat of combustion compared to methanol’s 726kJ/mol. The common gel methanol or ethanol chafing fuel is contained in a steel can with a resealable plug lid in sizes based on burn times. Two-, four-, and six-hour burn times are the most common sizes of methanol and ethanol chafing fuels available. The colour of the fuel being used can also vary among manufacturers.
Both ethanol and methanol have low flash points, 11–17 °C, making them highly flammable; diethylene glycol, with a flash point of 154 °C, is considered safer because spilled DEG fuel will not combust; it needs a wick to burn. The fuel is in a liquid form and thus the canister in which it is contained usually differs by having a more leak resistant screw cap rather than a plug. DEG has a higher heat of combustion than ethanol or methanol gel at 2155 kJ/mol. 
Sterno
Chess is a 2006 Malayalam action thriller film directed by Raj Babu. Dileep plays the male protagonist and Bhavana is his heroine. The film also stars Ashish Vidyarthi, Jagathy Sreekumar, Harisree Ashokan and Vijayaraghavan and Rajyalakshmi.The film was a hit at the box office.
The movie was dubbed into Hindi as Aag Ka Dariya
Chess is a story of young man who is thrown into the deep end where sharks of the society swim with nonchalance.
Dileep plays the lead role of Vijayakrishnan, whose background is music and other fine arts. But suddenly he gets catapulted into the cruel city life where there is little time for niceties. Vijayakrishnan, in the cruel roll of fate's dice, is pitted against heartless men in khakhis. The schemers kill Vijayakrishnan's father and burn his mother to death. Then they wound Vijayakrishnan badly and leave him to die. The rest of the story is about Vijayakrishnan's revenge on the people who murdered his parents. To do this he acts as a blind man and then one by one he kills the schemers.
Dileep as Vijayakrishnan
Bhavana as Dr. Radhika
Salim Kumar as Unnikkannan(Caretaker)
Ashish Vidyarthi as S.P.Swaminathan IPS
Harisree Ashokan as Kallan(Thief) Bhaskaran
Mohan Jose as Vasu
Kalasala Babu as Doctor
Vijayaraghavan as City Police Commissioner
Bheeman Raghu as DySP Koshi
Baburaj as CI Sarath
Suresh Krishna as Advocate
Saikumaras Krishnadas
Janardhanan as Easwara Varma
Jagathy Sreekumar as Constable Narayanan
Rajalakshmi as Vijaykrishnan's mother
Baby Nayanthara as daughter of S.P.Swaminathan IPS
Dimple Rose as Dr. Radhika's friend
Chess at the Internet Movie Database
System F, also known as the (Girard–Reynolds) polymorphic lambda calculus or the second-order lambda calculus, is a typed lambda calculus that differs from the simply typed lambda calculus by the introduction of a mechanism of universal quantification over types. System F thus formalizes the notion of parametric polymorphism in programming languages, and forms a theoretical basis for languages such as Haskell and ML. System F was discovered independently by logician Jean-Yves Girard (1972) and computer scientist John C. Reynolds (1974).
Whereas simply typed lambda calculus has variables ranging over functions, and binders for them, System F additionally has variables ranging over types, and binders for them. As an example, the fact that the identity function can have any type of the form A→ A would be formalized in System F as the judgment
where  is a type variable. The upper-case  is traditionally used to denote type-level functions, as opposed to the lower-case  which is used for value-level functions. (The superscripted  means that the bound x is of type ; the expression after the colon is the type of the lambda expression preceding it.)
As a term rewriting system, System F is strongly normalizing. However, type inference in System F (without explicit type annotations) is undecidable. Under the Curry–Howard isomorphism, System F corresponds to the fragment of second-order intuitionistic logic that uses only universal quantification. System F can be seen as part of the lambda cube, together with even more expressive typed lambda calculi, including those with dependent types.
The 
 is the type of all functions which take as input a type α and two expressions of type α, and produce as output an expression of type α (note that we consider 
 
(Note that the above two functions require three — not two — parameters. The latter two should be lambda expressions, but the first one should be a type. This fact is reflected in the fact that the type of these expressions is 
 are also "meta-symbols", convenient shorthands, of System F "assemblies" (in the Bourbaki sense); otherwise, if such functions could be named (within System F), then there would be no need for the lambda-expressive apparatus capable of defining functions anonymously.)
Then, with these two 
-typed value. The most fundamental predicate is 
ISZERO
 which returns 
System F allows recursive constructions to be embedded in a natural manner, related to that in Martin-Löf's type theory. Abstract structures (S) are created using constructors. These are functions typed as:
.
Recursivity is manifested when 
 itself appears within one of the types 
. If you have 
 of these constructors, you can define the type of 
 as:
For instance, the natural numbers can be defined as an inductive datatype 
 with constructors
The System F type corresponding to this structure is 
. The terms of this type comprise a typed version of the Church numerals, the first few of which are:
0 :=
1 :=
2 :=
3 :=
If we reverse the order of the curried arguments (i.e., 
), then the Church numeral for 
 is a function that takes a function 
f
 as argument and returns the 
 th  power of 
. That is to say, a Church numeral is a higher-order function – it takes a single-argument function 
, and returns another single-argument function.
The version of System F used in this article is as an explicitly typed, or Church-style, calculus. The typing information contained in λ-terms makes type-checking straightforward. Joe Wells (1994) settled an "embarrassing open problem" by proving that type checking is undecidable for a Curry-style variant of System F, that is, one that lacks explicit typing annotations.
Wells' result implies that type inference for System F is impossible. A restriction of System F known as "Hindley–Milner", or simply "HM", does have an easy type inference algorithm and is used for many statically typed functional programming languages such as Haskell 98 and ML. Over time, as the restrictions of HM-style type systems have become apparent, languages have steadily moved to more expressive logics for their type systems. As of 2008, GHC, a Haskell compiler, goes beyond HM, and now uses System F extended with non-syntactic type equality.
While System F corresponds to the first axis of the Barendregt's lambda cube, System F ω  or the higher-order polymorphic lambda calculus combines the first axis (polymorphism) with the second axis (type operators); it is a different, more complex system.
System F ω  can be defined inductively on a family of systems, where induction is based on the kinds permitted in each system:
 permits kinds:
 (the kind of types) and
 where 
 and 
 (the kind of functions from types to types, where the argument type is of a lower order)
In the limit, we can define system 
 to be
That is, F ω  is the system which allows functions from types to types where the argument (and result) may be of any order.
Note that although F ω  places no restrictions on the order of the arguments in these mappings, it does restrict the universe of the arguments for these mappings: they must be types rather than values. System F ω  does not permit mappings from values to types (Dependent types), though it does permit mappings from values to values (
 abstraction), mappings from types to values (
 abstraction, sometimes written 
) and mappings from types to types (
 abstraction at the level of types)
Existential types are the existentially quantified counterparts of universal types.
System F <:  extends system F with subtyping, bringing it a lot closer to actual programming languages from the ML family.
System U
  .
Girard, Lafont and Taylor, Proofs and Types. Cambridge University Press, 1989, ISBN 0-521-37181-3.
J. B. Wells. "Typability and type checking in the second-order lambda-calculus are equivalent and undecidable." In Proceedings of the 9th Annual IEEE Symposium on Logic in Computer Science (LICS), pages 176–185, 1994. [1]
  , Chapter 23: Universal Types, and Chapter 25: An ML Implementation of System F
Summary of System F by Franck Binard.
System F ω : the workhorse of modern compilers by Greg Morrisett
Hombal (Kannada: ಹೊಂಬಳ ) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India. It is located in the Gadag taluk of Gadag district in Karnataka.
Hombal has three schools which consists of a boys school, a girls school and a co.ed high school. The schools are all government schools. They have some good grounds as well.There is one Shankarlinga High high school run by a private organization And now newly inaugurated Government High school and Government ITI College by DGET
The inner road system in Hombal is like any other rural city with kachha roads.The roads can certainly be improved to a good extent. From September 2015 connected with the state highway no 45 (Challakere -Arabhavi State high way)
The males are mostly involved in agriculture and heavily depend on rainfall for their yield. Hombal village has been the origin of famous people like BHARAT RATNA Pandit Bhimsen Joshi, Poet Nadoj Channaveer Kanavi,Cricketer Sunil Joshi, Famous writer G B Joshi( Jadabharat ), Bharat Natyam Exponent Late Shankar Hombal (Bhopal).This is a village of intellectuals like Late Dr. G. S Kulkarni ( General Surgeon ) and Hindu ( Advaita ) scholars like Shankarbhat Agnihotri and Devarao Kulkarni and Famous stone structure maker Shri Shankar shilpi pattar
As of 2001 India census, Hombal had a population of 7860 with 3964 males and 3896 females.
Hombala is famous for the ancient Shankaralinga temple located in the village.The other important temples of Hombal are Neelakhant temple, Brahmachaitanya paduka temple and Durga temple. And YOGINARAYAN temple(ಯೋಗಿನಾರಾಯಣ)And famous for Stone lake
Gadag
Districts of Karnataka
http://Gadag.nic.in/
Krishna Prasad Bhattarai (Nepali: कृष्णप्रसाद भट्टराई) (13 December 1924 – 4 March 2011) was a Nepalese political leader. He was one of the main leaders involved in transitioning Nepal from an absolute monarchy to a democratic multi-party system.
Bhattarai became Prime Minister of Nepal in April 1990 after a popular democratic movement referred as Jana-Andolan.
Bhattarai was twice the Prime Minister of Nepal, once heading the Interim Government from 19 April 1990 to 26 May 1991, and then as elected Prime Minister from 31 May 1999 to 22 March 2000.
Bhattarai was the officiating President of the Nepali Congress for nearly 26 years from February 12, 1976, and was elected to the post of president of party in 1992 till 1996. He actively participated in the democratic movement of Nepal from its inception. The Constitution of Nepal (1990) was promulgated while he was interim Prime Minister and he was credited for successfully holding the parliamentary election in 1990, a milestone in Nepalese political history.
In his youth, Bhattarai was a journalist. He was also one of the foreign journalists to interview the General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, Nikita Khrushchev.
Bhattarai had actively participated in a long struggle to modernize the Nepalese political system, aiming to transform a society that was isolated for centuries from the outside world.
He started politics to end the 104-year-rule of the Rana Dynasty. During the political movement of 1950 to overthrow the Rana autocracy, initiated by the Bairgania Conference of the Nepali Congress on 26–27 September 1950 (Ashvin 10-11, 2007 BS), he was in charge of armed group Congress Mukti Sena fighting in Gorkha district. This armed struggle was initiated by the Nepali Congress, of which he was founding member. The armed revolution by the Nepali Congress was supported by King Tribhuvan, who was in exile, and by Indian and Burmese socialists. The armed revolution ultimately brought an end to the 104-year-rule of the Rana Dynasty on February 18, 1951 (Falgun 7, 2007 BS). This day is celebrated as Democracy Day and is a public holiday in Nepal.
After the first parliamentary election of 1959, at the age of 36, he became Speaker of lower house of parliament, though he was not an elected member. After the coup of 1960, Bhattarai was held without trial for eight years at the Sundarijal Military Detention Camp.
Bhattarai was nominated as the officiating President of the Nepali Congress on February 12, 1976 (Falgun 1, 2025 BS) by then party supremo Jananayak BP Koirala. He held this post for more than 25 years, during which time he was a key figure in Nepal's democratic movement. He was elected President of the Nepali Congress by the Eighth National Conference of the Nepali Congress, held in January 1992 (Falgun 2049 B S).
Bhattarai was the Prime Minister of the Interim Government after the 1990 People's Movement/Jana Andolan which brought democracy to the country, bringing an end to the 30-year-old Panchayati government, and to absolute monarchy in Nepal.
Bhattarai transformed the country from an absolute monarchy to a multi-party democracy without any major problems. He was prime minister when the constitution (1990) of Nepal was promulgated and successfully held the first multi-party election in 30 years. He was a popular leader but lost the election by a very narrow margin.
He again served as Prime Minister from May 1999 to March 2000. He also held the portfolio of foreign ministry from 1990 to 1991 and briefly during 1999 while he was prime minister. He was a founding member and former president of the Nepali Congress Party.
His ancestor family is from politically influential district of Gorkha. It is the same district that later brought Ex-PM Baburam Bhattarai to the politics. His immediate family is from Gorkha. He does not have his own children but since he never married himself, he considers the six children of his brothers as his own.Also has numerous grandchildren. None of them have any noticeable presence in Nepalese politics at the moment.
Until recently, both factions of the Nepali Congress, the Nepali Congress led by Girija Prasad Koirala and the Nepali Congress (Democratic) led by Sher Bahadur Deuba claimed Bhattarai on their side though his sympathy was more with Deuba from the beginning. Both congress parties elected him as Maha Samiti Member (General Convention Member) from Lalitpur District. On September 26, 2007 Bhattarai declared that he broke relations with the Nepali Congress; the day after the two factions had reunited. Bhattarai's decision was motivated by the move towards republicanism by the unified Nepali Congress.
Bhattarai died at Norvic International Hospital, Kathmandu on 4 March 2011. He was the last surviving founding leader of Nepali Congress (NC). The hospital reported that he died at 11:26 pm. Bhattarai had been in critical care unit at the Hospital for the last three weeks. He was suffering from chronic bronchitis, chronic renal failure and congestive heart failure and died after having recently said that he would live to be one hundred years old.
Website of Nepali Congress Party [accessed 1 April 2007].
Keshab Poudel: Symbol of Simplicity. Spotlight: Kathmandu, Nepal
[accessed 1 April 2007].
Facebook R.I.P. Page[accessed 5 March 2011].
Hiroshige (written: 広重, 啓成 or 弘成) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
Hiroshige (歌川 広重) (1797–1858), Japanese ukiyo-e artist
Hiroshige II (歌川広重 2代目) (1829–1869), Japanese ukiyo-e artist
Hiroshige III (歌川広重 3代目) (1842 or 1843 – 1894), Japanese ukiyo-e artist
Hiroshige Koyama (born 1937), Japanese botanist
Hiroshige Seko (世耕 弘成) (born 1962), Japanese botanist
Hiroshige Yanagimoto (柳本 啓成) (born 1972), Japanese footballer
L'Été indien (Indian summer) was a television show from Québec, Canada presented by Michel Drucker and Julie Snyder, recorded in 2014 from the Old Port of Montreal. It was broadcast in France on France 2, in Quebec on TVA and internationally on TV5 Monde.
http://tva.canoe.ca/emissions/eteindien
http://www.france2.fr/emissions/ete-indien
Mitsubishi Gas Chemical Company, Inc. (三菱ガス化学, Mitsubishi Gasu Kagaku, MGC) (TYO: 4182) is a Japanese company. It is a member of the Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFJ) keiretsu.
The company was established in 1918 and incorporated in 1951.
The company operates five business segments, four producing different types of chemical products. These divisions are natural gas-related chemicals, aromatic-related chemicals, functional chemicals, specialty functional materials and a real estate business. As of March 31, 2012, the Company had 91 subsidiaries and 41 associated companies.
(English) Mitsubishi Gas Chemical
Gerald Näscher (born 12 September 1965) is a Liechtenstein former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics.
Santa Barbara Honeymoon is the tenth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch, released in 1975.
All tracks composed by Bert Jansch; except where indicated
"Love Anew"
"Mary and Joseph"
"Be My Friend"
"Baby Blue"
"Dance Lady Dance"
"You Are My Sunshine" (Jimmie Davis, Charles Mitchell)
"Lost and Gone"
"Blues Run the Game" (Jackson C. Frank)
"Build Another Band"
"When the Teardrops Fell"
"Dynamite"
"Buckrabbit"
Same as the original LP release, with the following bonus tracks:
"Build Another Band" (Alternate Version)
"When The Teardrops Fell" (Live at Montreux 4th July 1975)
"Lady Nothing" (Live at Montreux 4th July 1975)
"Dance Lady Dance" (Live at Montreux 4th July 1975)
"Angie" (Live at Montreux 4th July 1975)
"One for Jo" (Live at Montreux 4th July 1975)
Bert Jansch - vocals, guitars
Jim Baker - guitar
Jay Lacy - electric guitar
Bill Smith - keyboards
David Barry - keyboards
George Seymour - synthesizer
Robert Greenidge - steel drum
Don Whaley - bass
Ernie McDaniel - bass
David Hungate - bass
Danny Lane - drums
Tris Imboden - drums
Craig Buhler, Darrell Leonard, Jim Gordon - brass
Beth Fitchet Wood, Ron McGuire, Steve Wood - vocals
The 2016–17 Perth Glory FC season is the club's 20th season since its establishment in 1996. The club will participate in the A-League for the 12th time and the FFA Cup for the third time.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Last updated: 1 October 2016.
Source: ultimatealeague.com
Ground: A = Away; H = Home. Result: D = Draw; L = Loss; W = Win; P = Postponed.
       Win       Draw       Loss
Official Website
Handphone (Hangul: 핸드폰; RR: Haendeupon; MR: Haendŭp‘on) is 2009 South Korean crime film.
Talent manager Seung-min sees Yoon Jin-ah, a rising actress, as his one last hope to turn his life around. Just as Jin-ah is on the path to stardom, he receives a threat from her former lover and gets her sex clip on his phone. Seung-min tracks down the culprit and retrieves the tape but ends up losing his phone. He realizes there is one last evidence of the sex tape on his phone and anxiously looks for it. Yi-gyu, who found Seung-min's phone, calls Seung-min's wife and asks her to come pick it up. On the night the phone was supposed to be returned, Yi-gyu doesn't show up. Now Yi-gyu is the one holding the leverage. Seung-min tries to do everything possible to get back his phone but Yi-gyu's demands are escalating to the point of no return.
Uhm Tae-woong as Oh Seung-min
Park Yong-woo as Jung Yi-gyu
Park Sol-mi as Kim Jeong-yeon
Lee Se-na as Yoon Jin-ah
Kim Nam-gil as Jang Yoon-ho (Jin-ah's ex-boyfriend)
Hwang Bo-yeon as Kim Dae-jin (Seung-min's assistant)
Park Gil-su as Choi (loan shark)
Kim Gu-taek as Choi's bodyguard
Kim Yu-seok as Han Joon-soo (attorney)
Joo Jin-mo as Captain Kim
Seo Woo as Yi-gyu's sister
Kim Jong-seok as wedding toastmaster
Kim Gu-ra as radio DJ who interviews Jin-ah
Jeon Bae-su as sound engineer at radio station
Bong Man-dae as movie director
Choi Ju-bong as man who lost dog in the store
Lee A-rin as mart female employee 2
Jun In-kul as employee of management company
Kwak Byung-kyu as lead detective
Three South Indian films have been made whose plots have close resemblance to Handphone, but they are not officially credited as remakes. The films are Chaappa Kurish (lit. "Heads or Tails"; Malayalam; 2011), Puli Vaal ("Tail of Tiger"; Tamil; 2014) and Only Vishnuvardhana (Kannada, 2012).
Handphone at HanCinema
Handphone at the Korean Movie Database
Handphone at the Internet Movie Database
Hobie Call (born 1977) is an American obstacle course racer. Call is a multiple-time winner of the Spartan Race, an obstacle race with challenges similar to those found in the television program American Gladiators.
A native of Utah, he is the father of five children.
Call won the Scramble Gamble at the Superhero Scramble race in Miami, FL on March 12, 2012. He finished first with a time of 33:29 and won a cash purse of $2,000. Hobie also ran in and won the Scramble Gamble race in Waldo, FL on July 28, 2012 with a finishing time of 27:05. Since, Hobie has won many Superhero Scrambles.
Call took the first win of the Spartan Race season in Southern California. He finished the 8 mile course in under an hour.
He was 2nd place male at the 2012 Spartan Race Championships at Killington, VT  and the first place male competitor at the 2013 Spartan Race Championship at Killington, VT.
Call also participated in Episode 44, 47, and 50 of the OCR Warrior TV Show.
Tough Mudder
Skeen may refer to:
General Sir Andrew Skeen (1873-1935), a British Indian Army soldier
Dick Skeen, a U.S. tennis player
Major General Henry Gene Skeen (1933-2006), U.S. Army
William Louis Henry Skeen (1847-1903), an English photographer in Ceylon (now Sri Lanka)
A virtual human or digital clone is the creation or re-creation of a human being in image and voice using computer-generated imagery and sound, that is often indistinguishable from the real actor. This idea was first portrayed in the 1981 film Looker, wherein models had their bodies scanned digitally to create 3D computer generated images of the models, and then animating said images for use in TV commercials. Two 1992 books used this concept: "Fools" by Pat Cadigan, and Et Tu, Babe by Mark Leyner.
In general, virtual humans employed in movies are known as synthespians, virtual actors, vactors, cyberstars, or "silicentric" actors. There are several legal ramifications for the digital cloning of human actors, relating to copyright and personality rights. People who have already been digitally cloned as simulations include Bill Clinton, Marilyn Monroe, Fred Astaire, Ed Sullivan, Elvis Presley, Bruce Lee, Audrey Hepburn, Anna Marie Goddard, and George Burns. Ironically, data sets of Arnold Schwarzenegger for the creation of a virtual Arnold (head, at least) have already been made.
The name "Schwarzeneggerization" comes from the 1992 book Et Tu, Babe by Mark Leyner. In one scene, on pages 50–51, a character asks the shop assistant at a video store to have Arnold Schwarzenegger digitally substituted for existing actors into various works, including (amongst others) Rain Man (to replace both Tom Cruise and Dustin Hoffman), My Fair Lady (to replace Rex Harrison), Amadeus (to replace F. Murray Abraham), The Diary of Anne Frank (as Anne Frank), Gandhi (to replace Ben Kingsley), and It's a Wonderful Life (to replace James Stewart). Schwarzeneggerization is the name that Leyner gives to this process. Only 10 years later, Schwarzeneggerization was close to being reality.
By 2002, Schwarzenegger, Jim Carrey, Kate Mulgrew, Michelle Pfeiffer, Denzel Washington, Gillian Anderson, and David Duchovny had all had their heads laser scanned to create digital computer models thereof.
Early computer-generated animated faces include the 1985 film Tony de Peltrie and the music video for Mick Jagger's song "Hard Woman" (from She's the Boss). The first actual human beings to be digitally duplicated were Marilyn Monroe and Humphrey Bogart in a March 1987 film "Rendez-vous in Montreal" created by Nadia Magnenat Thalmann and Daniel Thalmann for the 100th anniversary of the Engineering Institute of Canada. The film was created by six people over a year, and had Monroe and Bogart meeting in a café in Montreal. The characters were rendered in three dimensions, and were capable of speaking, showing emotion, and shaking hands.
In 1987, the Kleiser-Walczak Construction Company (now Synthespian Studios), founded by Jeff Kleiser and Diana Walczak coined the term "synthespian" and began its Synthespian ("synthetic thespian") Project, with the aim of creating "life-like figures based on the digital animation of clay models".
In 1988, Tin Toy was the first entirely computer-generated movie to win an Academy Award (Best Animated Short Film). In the same year, Mike the Talking Head, an animated head whose facial expression and head posture were controlled in real time by a puppeteer using a custom-built controller, was developed by Silicon Graphics, and performed live at SIGGRAPH. In 1989, The Abyss, directed by James Cameron included a computer-generated face placed onto a watery pseudopod.
In 1991, Terminator 2: Judgment Day, also directed by Cameron, confident in the abilities of computer-generated effects from his experience with The Abyss, included a mixture of synthetic actors with live animation, including computer models of Robert Patrick's face. The Abyss contained just one scene with photo-realistic computer graphics. Terminator 2: Judgment Day contained over forty shots throughout the film.
In 1997, Industrial Light and Magic worked on creating a virtual actor that was a composite of the bodily parts of several real actors.
By the 21st century, virtual actors had become a reality. The face of Brandon Lee, who had died partway through the shooting of The Crow in 1994, had been digitally superimposed over the top of a body-double in order to complete those parts of the movie that had yet to be filmed. By 2001, three-dimensional computer-generated realistic humans had been used in Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within, and by 2004, a synthetic Laurence Olivier co-starred in Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow.
Critics such as Stuart Klawans in the New York Times expressed worry about the loss of "the very thing that art was supposedly preserving: our point of contact with the irreplaceable, finite person". And even more problematic are the issues of copyright and personality rights. Actors have little legal control over a digital clone of themselves. In the United States, for instance, they must resort to database protection laws in order to exercise what control they have (The proposed Database and Collections of Information Misappropriation Act would strengthen such laws). An actor does not own the copyright on his digital clones, unless they were created by him. Robert Patrick, for example, would not have any legal control over the liquid metal digital clone of himself that was created for Terminator 2: Judgment Day.
The use of digital clones in movie industry, to replicate the acting performances of a cloned person, represents a controversial aspect of these implications, as it may cause real actors to land in fewer roles, and put them in disadvantage at contract negotiations, since a clone could always be used by the producers at potentially lower costs. It is also a career difficulty, since a clone could be used in roles that a real actor would never accept for various reasons. Bad identifications of an actor's image with a certain type of roles could harm his career, and real actors, conscious of this, pick and choose what roles they play (Bela Lugosi and Margaret Hamilton became typecast with their roles as Count Dracula and the Wicked Witch of the West, whereas Anthony Hopkins and Dustin Hoffman have played a diverse range of parts). A digital clone could be used to play the parts of (for examples) an axe murderer or a prostitute, which would affect the actor's public image, and in turn affect what future casting opportunities were given to that actor. Both Tom Waits and Bette Midler have won actions for damages against people who employed their images in advertisements that they had refused to take part in themselves.
In the USA, the use of a digital clone in advertisements is required to be accurate and truthful (section 43(a) of the Lanham Act and which makes deliberate confusion unlawful). The use of a celebrity's image would be an implied endorsement. The New York District Court held that an advertisement employing a Woody Allen impersonator would violate the Act unless it contained a disclaimer stating that Allen did not endorse the product.
Other concerns include posthumous use of digital clones. Barbara Creed states that "Arnold's famous threat, 'I'll be back', may take on a new meaning". Even before Brandon Lee was digitally reanimated, the California Senate drew up the Astaire Bill, in response to lobbying from Fred Astaire's widow and the Screen Actors Guild, who were seeking to restrict the use of digital clones of Astaire. Movie studios opposed the legislation, and as of 2002 it had yet to be finalized and enacted. Several companies, including Virtual Celebrity Productions, have purchased the rights to create and use digital clones of various dead celebrities, such as Marlene Dietrich and Vincent Price.
S1m0ne, a 2002 science fiction drama film written, produced and directed by Andrew Niccol, starring Al Pacino.
The Congress (2013 Film) a 2013 science fiction drama film written, produced and directed by Ari Folman, starring Robin Wright deals with this issue extensively.
Timeline of CGI in film and television
Evolver (3D Avatar Web Portal)
BINA48
   — a detailed discussion of the law, as it stood in 1997, relating to virtual humans and the rights held over them by real humans
   — how trademark law affects digital clones of celebrities who have trademarked their personæ
Wayne Mortimer Collins (November 23, 1899 – July 16, 1974) was a civil rights attorney who worked on cases related to the Japanese American evacuation and internment.
Collins was born in Sacramento, California and was raised and educated in San Francisco. He earned his law degree from San Francisco Law School.
Politically liberal, Collins was one of the founders of the Northern California ACLU and served as its director. He became a leader in the legal fight against persecution of Japanese Americans, during and after World War II, even enlisting a number of conservative colleagues (such as attorney Ted Tamba) to work with him.
With Ernest Besig of the Northern California ACLU, Collins led Fred Korematsu’s constitutional challenge to the Internment beginning in 1942, and culminating before the U.S. Supreme Court (Korematsu v. United States) in 1944.
In August 1945, Collins began advising Japanese American internees deceived or coerced into renouncing their American citizenship under the Renunciation Act of 1944 of their legal rights. On November 13, 1945, Collins filed two mass class equity suits (Abo v. Clark, No. 25294 and Furuya v. Clark, No. 25295) and two mass class habeas corpus proceedings (Abo v. Williams, No. 25296 and Furuya v. Williams, No. 25297) in the U.S. District Court of San Francisco. These cases sought to determine nationality, prevent removal to Japan, end internment, and cancel renunciation. Adopting Collins’ arguments, Federal Judge Louis E. Goodman found the mass renunciations unconstitutional, stating: “It is shocking to the conscience that an American citizen be confined without authority and while so under duress and restraint for this government to accept from him a surrender of his constitutional heritage.” “Not even the hysterics and exigencies of war,” Goodman had warned in his opinion, “excused the government for the egregious constitutional wrongs it had committed by imprisoning citizens not charged with a crime.”
When the federal appeals court decided that each renunciant’s case had to be individually decided, Collins embarked on a 20-year campaign, filing thousands of court cases to successfully recover the renunciants’ citizenships.
Collins also represented some 3,000 Japanese Latin Americans kidnapped by the U.S. during the war to be bartered for American prisoners of war. While most were deported after the war as “undesirable aliens,” Collins successfully enabled hundreds to remain and make their homes in America.
Collins, with Besig and Tomba, also defended Iva Toguri D’Aquino. She was convicted of being "Tokyo Rose" (who actually never existed), through the use of perjured testimony and falsified evidence, having been prosecuted by the FDR Administration in the most expensive trial in American history (as of that time). Even following her release from prison a decade later, Collins continued his efforts to get her name cleared.
Collins died on July 16, 1974 on a plane bound to Honolulu, Hawaii. Collins’ son, Wayne Merrill Collins, took on some of the cases his father was actively working on at the time of his death. This included the filing of a presidential pardon petition for Iva Toguri D’Aquino, which President Gerald R. Ford granted during his final days in office.
Although largely unknown to the general public, Collins' relentless efforts on behalf of the Japanese American renunciants have been recognized in various posthumous honors and dedications. For example, the poet Hiroshi Kashiwagi dedicated his book Swimming in the American: a Memoir and Selected Writings to Collins, saying that he "rescued me as an American and restored my faith in America."  In the dedication for her influential book Years of Infamy: The Untold Story of America's Concentration Camps, former internee Michi Nishiura Weglyn wrote that Collins "... did more to correct a democracy's mistake than any other one person."
Guide to the Wayne M. Collins Papers at The Bancroft Library
Chitwood is an unincorporated community in Lincoln County, Oregon, United States. Chitwood lies on U.S. Route 20 between Toledo to the west and Eddyville to the east. The Yaquina River flows through Chitwood.
Historically, Chitwood was a station on the railway line between Corvallis and Toledo. It was named for Joshua Chitwood, who lived nearby during construction of the railway, 1881–85. The line was originally known as the Yaquina Route of the Oregon Pacific Railroad, linking the former port city of Yaquina to Corvallis and Albany. After the Oregon Pacific failed financially, fell into receivership, and went through 17 years of financial and legal complications, in 1907 it became a branch line of the Southern Pacific.
The post office in Chitwood opened in 1887 and closed in 1945.
Lincoln County built Chitwood Bridge, a covered bridge, at Chitwood in 1926. Scheduled for demolition, it was instead improved in 1984 through a federally funded restoration project. The Howe truss bridge is 96 feet (29 m) long.
Koppányszántó is a village in Tolna county, Hungary.
Ali Rahma Al Marri (born 27 December 1983) is a Qatari footballer who currently plays for Al-Wakrah as a midfielder. He also previously played for the Qatar national team.
He was capped 15 times by the Qatar national team between 2002 and 2004.
Statistics accurate as of 10 February 2012
 2 Includes Sheikh Jassem Cup.
 3 Includes AFC Champions League.
Footballdatabase.eu - Player profile
Ali Rahma Al-Marri profile at Soccerway
Metropolitan Block may refer to:
Metropolitan Block (Lima, Ohio), listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Allen County, Ohio
Metropolitan Block (Lake Geneva, Wisconsin), listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Walworth County, Wisconsin
Yungasocereus inquisivensis is a species of cactus native to Bolivia, the sole member of its genus, Yungasocereus.
It is a columnar cactus, appearing either as a tree or shrub, ranging up to 4-5 meters in height. The 6-7 cm diameter stems are dark green, with 6-10 ribs. The 1.5-3 cm spines are in groups of 4-12, with no differentiation into central and radial types, and range from a brownish to grayish color. The flowers are white, appearing in groups of 5-8 near the stem tips.
This cactus is known only from Yungas and Inquisivi provinces of La Paz Department, where it is found at elevations of around 2000m.
Cárdenas described the species in 1957 from Inquisivi, placing it in Samaipaticereus. Ritter later found the same species in Yungas, and in 1980 gave it its own genus Yungasocereus. After a period in Haageocereus, this was again separated into Yungasocereus.
Edward F. Anderson, The Cactus Family (Timber Press, 2001), p. 681
Cyananthus lobatus is an ornamental plant of the Campanulaceae family.
   (as Cyanthus lobatus)
 Media related to Cyananthus lobatus at Wikimedia Commons
Theoretical Economics is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal that publishes theoretical papers in all areas of economics. The journal was established in 2006. From then until 2009, it was published by the Society for Economic Theory. On July 1, 2009 the Econometric Society took over the journal. The current editor-in-chief is George J. Mailath. The journal is abstracted and indexed in Current Contents/Social and Behavioral Sciences and the Social Sciences Citation Index.
Official website
Sarajevski Otvoreni Centar (Sarajevo Open Centre), abbreviated SOC, is an independent feminist civil society organization and advocacy group which campaigns for lesbian, gay, bisexual, trans and intersex (LGBTI) people and women rights in Bosnia and Herzegovina. The organization also gives asylum and psychological support to victims of discrimination and violence.
The Pink Report is an annual report made by the organization on the state of the Human Rights of LGBTI People in the country and is supported by the Norwegian Embassy.
Pseudoalteromonas elyakovii is a marine bacterium.
Alteromonas elyakovii was isolated from the mussel Crenomytilus grayanus in Troitsa Bay in 1985. In 2000, A. elyakovii was reclassified as Pseudoalteromonas elyakovii along with five strains of bacteria which had been isolated from the seaweed Laminaria japonica.
Anthene sylvanus, the Common Indigo Ciliate Blue, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Senegal, Guinea-Bissau, Guinea, Sierra Leone, Burkina Faso, Liberia, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Togo, Benin, Nigeria, Cameroon, Gabon, the Republic of Congo, the Central African Republic, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Uganda and Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests and dense Guinea savanna.
Anthene sylvanus sylvanus (Senegal, Guinea-Bissau, Guinea, Sierra Leone, Burkina Faso, Liberia, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Togo, Benin, Nigeria: south and the Cross River loop, Cameroon, Gabon, Congo, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo: Mongala, Uele, Ituri, Kivu, Tshopo, Kinshasa, Cataractes, Sankuru, Mamiema, Lualaba, Tanganika and Shaba)
Anthene sylvanus albicans (Grünberg, 1910) (southern Uganda, north-western Tanzania)
Anthene sylvanus niveus Stempffer, 1954 (Democratic Republic of Congo: Equator)
Rod Bushie (c. 1953 – June 14, 2013) was a Canadian Anishinaabe elder who served as the Grand Chief of Assembly of Manitoba Chiefs, the largest First Nations organization in Manitoba, from 1997 to 2000.
Bushie served as the Chief of the Hollow Water First Nation, his home community, prior to his election as head of the Assembly of Manitoba Chiefs in 1997.
In August 1997, Bushie was elected Grand Chief of the Assembly of Manitoba Chiefs, serving until 2000. Bushie was one of the creators of devolution, which transferred child welfare services to First Nation and Métis authorities. In 2007, Bushie was defeated in an election to become head of the Southern Chiefs Organization.
Bushie was a founder of the Aboriginal Curling Bonspiel and sat of the boards of directors of several community organizations, including the Adam Beach Film Institute.
Rod Bushie died from lung cancer on June 14, 2013, at the age of 60. The current Grand Chief of the Assembly of Manitoba Chiefs, Derek Nepinak, released a statement, ""On behalf of the Assembly of Manitoba Chiefs, I offer sincere condolences to his wife Eileen and children, along with the family and friends of Rod Bushie."
Stig Andersson (10 November 1924 – 11 July 2015) was a Swedish cyclist. He competed in the 4,000 metres team pursuit at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Keep the Aspidistra Flying, first published in 1936, is a socially critical novel by George Orwell. It is set in 1930s London. The main theme is Gordon Comstock's romantic ambition to defy worship of the money-god and status, and the dismal life that results.
Orwell wrote the book in 1934 and 1935 when he was living at various locations near Hampstead in London, and drew on his experiences in these and the preceding few years. At the beginning of 1928 he lived in lodgings in Portobello Road from where he started his tramping expeditions, sleeping rough and roaming in the poorer parts of London. At this time he wrote a fragment of a play in which the protagonist Stone needs money for his child's life-saving operation. Stone would prefer to prostitute his wife rather than prostitute his artistic integrity by writing advertising copy.
Orwell's early publications appeared in The Adelphi, a left-wing literary journal edited by Sir Richard Rees, a wealthy and idealistic baronet who made Orwell one of his protégés. The character of Ravelston the wealthy publisher in Keep the Aspidistra Flying has much in common with Rees. Ravelston is acutely self-conscious of his upper-class status and defensive about his unearned income. Comstock speculates that Ravelston receives nearly two thousand pounds a year after tax—a very comfortable sum in those days—and Rees, in a volume of autobiography published in 1963 wrote: "... I have never had the spending of much less than £1,000 a year of unearned income, and sometimes considerably more [...] Before the war, this was wealth, especially for an unmarried man. Many of my socialist and intellectual friends were paupers compared to me..." In quoting this, Orwell's biographer Michael Shelden commented "One of these 'paupers'—at least in 1935—was Orwell, who was lucky if he made £200 that year [...] He appreciated Rees's editorial support at the Adelphi and sincerely enjoyed having him as a friend, but he could not have avoided feeling some degree of resentment toward a man who had no real job but who enjoyed an income four or five times greater than his."
In 1932 Orwell took a job as a teacher in a small school in West London. From there he would take journeys into the country at places like Burnham Beeches. There are allusions to Burnham Beeches and walks in the country in Orwell's correspondence at this time with Brenda Salkeld and Eleanor Jacques.
In October 1934, after nine months at his home in Southwold, Orwell's Aunt Nellie Limouzin found him a job as a part-time assistant in Booklovers' Corner, a second-hand bookshop in Hampstead run by Francis and Myfanwy Westrope. The Westropes, who were friends of Nellie in the Esperanto movement, had an easy-going outlook and provided him with comfortable accommodation at Warwick Mansions, Pond Street. He was job sharing with Jon Kimche who also lived with the Westropes. Orwell worked at the shop in the afternoons, having the mornings free to write and the evenings to socialise. He was at Booklovers' Corner for fifteen months. His essay "Bookshop Memories", published in November 1936, recalled aspects of his time at the bookshop, and in Keep the Aspidistra Flying, "he described it, or revenged himself upon it, with acerbity and wit and spleen." In their study of Orwell the writers Stansky & Abrahams remarked upon the improvement on the "stumbling attempts at female portraiture in his first two novels: the stereotyped Elizabeth Lackersteen in Burmese Days and the hapless Dorothy in A Clergyman's Daughter" and contended that, in contrast, "Rosemary is a credible female portrait." Through his work in the bookshop Orwell was in a position to become acquainted with women, "first as a clerk, then as a friend [...] and with whom, if circumstances were favourable, he might eventually embark upon a 'relationship' [...] This for Orwell the author and Blair the man, was the chief reward of working at Booklovers' Corner." In particular, Orwell met Sally Jerome, at this time working for an advertising agency (like Rosemary in Keep the Aspidistra Flying), and Kay Ekevall, who ran a small typing and secretarial service which did work for Adelphi magazine.
By the end of February 1935 he had moved into a flat in Parliament Hill; his landlady, Rosalind Obermeyer, was studying at the University of London. It was through a joint party with his landlady here that Orwell met his future wife Eileen O'Shaughnessy. In August Orwell moved into a flat in Kentish Town, which he shared with Michael Sayers and Rayner Heppenstall. Over this period he was working on Keep the Aspidistra Flying and had two novels, Burmese Days and A Clergyman's Daughter, published. At the beginning of 1936 Orwell was dealing with pre-publication issues for Keep the Aspidistra Flying while on his tour in the North of England collecting material for The Road to Wigan Pier. The novel was published by Victor Gollancz Ltd on 20 April 1936.
The aspidistra is a hardy, long-living plant that is used as a house plant in England, which can grow to an impressive and even unwieldy size. It was especially popular in the Victorian era, in large part because it could not only tolerate weak sunlight but also could tolerate the poor indoor air quality that resulted from the use of oil lamps and, later, coal gas lamps. They had fallen out of favour by the 20th century, not coincidentally paralleling the advent of electric lighting. Their use had been so widespread among the middle class that they had become a music hall joke appearing in songs such as "Biggest Aspidistra in the World", of which Gracie Fields made a recording.
In the titular phrase, Orwell uses the aspidistra, a symbol of the stuffiness of middle-class society, in conjunction with the locution "to keep the flag (or colours) flying". The title can thus be interpreted as a sarcastic exhortation in the sense of "Hooray for the middle class!".
In subsequent adaptions and translations, the original title has frequently been altered; in German, to "The Joys of the Aspidistra", in Spanish to "Don't Let the Aspidistra Die", in Italian to "May the Aspidistra Bloom". The 1997 movie adaptation was released in the United States as "A Merry War".
Gordon Comstock has 'declared war' on what he sees as an 'overarching dependence' on money by leaving a promising job as a copywriter for an advertising company called 'New Albion'—at which he shows great dexterity—and taking a low-paying job instead, ostensibly so he can write poetry. Coming from a respectable family background in which the inherited wealth has now become dissipated, Gordon resents having to work for a living. The 'war' (and the poetry), however, aren't going particularly well and, under the stress of his 'self-imposed exile' from affluence, Gordon has become absurd, petty and deeply neurotic.
Comstock lives without luxuries in a bedsit in London, which he affords by working in a small bookshop owned by a Scot, McKechnie. He works intermittently at a magnum opus he plans to call 'London Pleasures', describing a day in London; meanwhile, his only published work, a slim volume of poetry entitled Mice, collects dust on the remainder shelf. He is simultaneously content with his meagre existence and also disdainful of it. He lives without financial ambition and the need for a 'good job,' but his living conditions are uncomfortable and his job is boring.
Comstock is 'obsessed' by what he sees as a pervasion of money (the 'Money God', as he calls it) behind social relationships, feeling sure that women would find him more attractive if he were better off. At the beginning of the novel, he senses that his girlfriend Rosemary Waterlow (whom he met at New Albion, and who continues to work there), is dissatisfied with him because of his poverty. An example of his financial embarrassment is when he is desperate for a pint of beer at his local pub, but has run out of pocket money and is ashamed to cadge a drink off his fellow lodger, Flaxman.
One of Comstock's last remaining friends, Philip Ravelston, a Marxist who publishes a magazine called Anti-Christ, agrees with Comstock in principle, but is comfortably well-off himself and this causes strains when the practical miseries of Comstock's life become apparent. He does, however, endeavour to publish some of Comstock's work and his efforts had resulted in Mice being published via one of his publisher contacts (unbeknownst to Comstock).
Gordon and Rosemary have little time together—she works late and lives in a hostel, and his 'bitch of a landlady' forbids female visitors to her tenants. Then one evening, having headed southward and having been thinking about women—this women business in general, and Rosemary in particular—he happens to see Rosemary in a street market. Rosemary won't have sex with him but she wants to spend a Sunday with him, right out in the country, near Burnham Beeches. At their parting, as he takes the tram from Tottenham Court Road back to his bedsit, he is happy and feels that somehow it is agreed between them that Rosemary is going to be his mistress. However, what is intended to be a pleasant day out away from London's grime turns into a disaster when, though hungry, they opt to pass by a 'rather low-looking' pub, and can then not find another pub, and are forced to eat an unappetising lunch at a fancy, overpriced hotel instead. Gordon has to pay the bill with all the money he had set aside for their jaunt and worries about having to borrow money from Rosemary. Out in the countryside again, they are about to have sex for the first time when she violently pushes him back—he wasn't going to use contraception. He rails at her; "Money again, you see! […] You say you 'can't' have a baby. […] You mean you daren't; because you'd lose your job and I've got no money and all of us would starve."
Having sent a poem to an American publication, Gordon suddenly receives from them a cheque worth ten pounds – a considerable sum for him at the time. He intends to set aside half for his sister Julia, who has always been there to lend him money and support. He treats Rosemary and Ravelston to dinner, which begins well, but the evening deteriorates as it proceeds. Gordon, drunk, tries to force himself upon Rosemary but she angrily rebukes him and leaves. Gordon continues drinking, drags Ravelston with him to visit a pair of prostitutes, and ends up broke and in a police cell the next morning. He is guilt-ridden over the thought of being unable to pay his sister back the money he owes her, because his £5 note is gone, given to, or stolen by, one of the tarts.
Ravelston pays Gordon's fine after a brief appearance before the magistrate, but a reporter hears about the case, and writes about it in the local paper. The ensuing publicity results in Gordon losing his job at the bookshop, and, consequently, his relatively 'comfortable' lifestyle. As Gordon searches for another job, his life deteriorates, and his poetry stagnates. After living with his friend Ravelston, and his girlfriend Hermione, during his time of unemployment, Gordon ends up working at another book shop and cheap two-penny lending library, this time in Lambeth, owned by the sinister Mr. Cheeseman, for an even smaller wage of 30 shillings a week. This is 10 shillings less than he was earning before, but Gordon is satisfied; "The job would do. There was no trouble about a job like this; no room for ambition, no effort, no hope." Determined to sink to the lowest level of society Gordon takes a furnished bed-sitting-room in a filthy alley parallel to Lambeth Cut. Both Julia and Rosemary, "in feminine league against him", seek to get Gordon to go back to his 'good' job at the New Albion advertising agency.
Rosemary, having avoided Gordon for some time, suddenly comes to visit him one day at his dismal lodgings. Despite his terrible poverty and shabbiness, they have sex but it is without any emotion or passion. Later, Rosemary drops in one day unexpectedly at the library, having not been in touch with Gordon for some time, and tells him that she is pregnant. Gordon is presented with the choice between leaving Rosemary to a life of social shame at the hands of her family—since both of them reject the idea of an abortion—or marrying her and returning to a life of respectability by taking back the job he once so deplored at the New Albion with its £4 weekly salary.
He chooses Rosemary and respectability and then experiences a feeling of relief at having abandoned his anti-money principles with such comparative ease. After two years of abject failure and poverty, he throws his poetic work 'London Pleasures' down a drain, marries Rosemary, resumes his advertising career, and plunges into a campaign to promote a new product to prevent foot odour. In his lonely walks around mean streets, aspidistras seem to appear in every lower-middle class window. As the book closes, Gordon wins an argument with Rosemary to install an aspidistra in their new small but comfortable flat off the Edgware Road.
Gordon Comstock – a 'well-educated and reasonably intelligent' young man possessed of a minor 'talent for writing'.
Rosemary Waterlow – Comstock's girlfriend, whom he met at the advertising agency, but about whom little is revealed.
Philip Ravelston – the wealthy left-wing publisher, editor of Antichrist, who supports and encourages Comstock.
Julia Comstock – Gordon's sister who is as poor as he and who, having always made sacrifices for him, continues to do so. "A tall, ungainly girl [-] her nature was simple and affectionate."
Mrs. Wisbeach – lodging house landlady at Willowbed Road who imposes strict rules on her tenants.
Mr. Flaxman – fellow lodger, a salesman, travelling representative of the Queen of Sheba Toilet Requisites Co., temporarily separated from his wife.
Mr. McKechnie – the lazy Scot who owns the first bookshop, white-haired and white-bearded, a teetotaler and snuff taker.
Mr. Cheeseman – sinister and suspicious owner of the second book shop.
Mr. Erskine – a large, slow-moving man with a broad, healthy, expressionless face – managing director of the advertising agency, the New Albion Publicity Company – he promotes Gordon to a position as an advertising copy writer.
No need to repeat the blasphemous comments which everyone who had known Gran'pa Comstock made on that last sentence. But it is worth pointing out that the chunk of granite on which it was inscribed weighed close on five tons and was quite certainly put there with the intention, though not the conscious intention, of making sure that Gran'pa Comstock shouldn't get up from underneath it. If you want to know what a dead man's relatives really think of him, a good rough test is the weight of his tombstone.
Gordon and his friends had quite an exciting time with their 'subversive ideas'. For a whole year they ran an unofficial monthly paper called the Bolshevik, duplicated with jellygraph. It advocated Socialism, free love, the dismemberment of the British Empire, the abolition of the Army and Navy, and so on and so forth. It was great fun. Every intelligent boy of sixteen is a Socialist. At that age one does not see the hook sticking out of the rather stodgy bait.
Gordon put his hand against the swing door. He even pushed it open a few inches. The warm fog of smoke and beer slipped through the crack. A familiar, reviving smell; nevertheless as he smelled it his nerve failed him. No! Impossible to go in. He turned away. He couldn't go shoving into that saloon bar with only fourpence halfpenny in his pocket. Never let other people buy your drinks for you! The first commandment of the moneyless. He made off down the dark pavement.
Hermione always yawned at the mention of Socialism, and refused even to read Antichrist. 'Don't talk to me about the lower classes,' she used to say. 'I hate them. They smell.' And Ravelston adored her.
This woman business! What a bore it is! What a pity we can't cut it right out, or at least be like the animals—minutes of ferocious lust and months of icy chastity. Take a cock pheasant, for example. He jumps up on the hen's backs without so much as a with your leave or by your leave. And no sooner is it over than the whole subject is out of his mind. He hardly even notices his hens any longer; he ignores them, or simply pecks them if they come too near his food.
Before, he had fought against the money code, and yet he had clung to his wretched remnant of decency. But now it was precisely from decency that he wanted to escape. He wanted to go down, deep down, into some world where decency no longer mattered; to cut the strings of his self-respect, to submerge himself—to sink, as Rosemary had said. It was all bound up in his mind with the thought of being under ground. He liked to think of the lost people, the under-ground people: tramps, beggars, criminals, prostitutes... He liked to think that beneath the world of money there is that great sluttish underworld where failure and success have no meaning; a sort of kingdom of ghosts where all are equal ... It comforted him somehow to think of the smoke-dim slums of South London sprawling on and on, a huge graceless wilderness where you could lose yourself forever.
Cyril Connolly wrote two reviews at the time of the novel's publication. In the Daily Telegraph he described it as a "savage and bitter book" and said "the truths which the author propounds are so disagreeable that one ends by dreading their mention". In the New Statesman he wrote "a harrowing and stark account of poverty" and referred to "clear and violent language, at times making the reader feel he is in a dentist's chair with the drill whirring".
For an edition of Omnibus, (The Road to the Left, broadcast 10 January 1971), Melvyn Bragg interviewed Norman Mailer. Bragg said he "just assumed Mailer had read Orwell. In fact he's mad on him." Of Keep the Aspidistra Flying, Mailer said : "It is perfect from the first page to the last."
In a letter to George Woodcock on 28 September 1946 referring to Keep the Aspidistra Flying, Orwell noted that it was one of the two or three books of which he was ashamed. He dittoed his comment on A Clergyman's Daughter that it "was written simply as an exercise and I oughtn't to have published it, but I was desperate for money [-] At that time I simply hadn't a book in me, but I was half starved and had to turn out something to bring in £100 or so." Orwell biographer Jeffrey Meyers found the novel flawed by weaknesses in plot, style and characterisation but praised "a poignant and moving quality [-] that comes from Orwell's perceptive portrayal of the alienation and loneliness of poverty, and from Rosemary's tender response to Gordon's mean misery." In spite of negative judgments the novel has won its admirers, notably Lionel Trilling, who called it "a summa of all the criticisms of a commercial civilization that have ever been made."
Tosco Fyvel, literary editor of Tribune from 1945–49, and a friend and colleague of Orwell during the last decade of the writer's life, found it interesting that "through Gordon Comstock Orwell expressed violent dislike of London's crowded life [and Orwell moved to the small isolated village of Wallington in rural Hertfordshire in 1936] and mass advertising- a foretaste here of Nineteen Eighty-Four. He has Gordon reacting to a poster saying Corner Table Enjoys His Meal With Bovex in a manner already suggesting that of the later novel:
"Gordon examined the thing with the intimacy of hatred...Corner Table grins at you, seemingly optimistic, with a flash of false teeth. But what is behind the grin? Desolation, emptiness, prophecies of doom. – For can you not see [-] Behind that slick self-satisfaction, that tittering fat-bellied triviality, there's nothing but a frightful emptiness, a secret despair? And the reverberations of future wars."
A film adaptation of Keep the Aspidistra Flying was released in 1997, directed by Robert Bierman, and starring Richard E. Grant and Helena Bonham Carter. The film appeared in North America and New Zealand under the alternative title of A Merry War.
Agha Ali (also known as Abbas Agha Ali) is a Pakistani actor, model, anchor and singer. He has won an ATV Award for Best Anchor. He made his acting debut with a leading role in 2012's Mein Hari Piya on Hum TV for which he was nominated for Hum Award for Best Soap Actor.
His dramas Rukhsar, Ghundi, Bay emaan Mohabbat, Shehr-e-Yaran and Shab e Zindagi "kis se kahoon" "tum yaad ayee" and "tere mere beech"
Robeston Wathen is a rural village and parish in Pembrokeshire, Wales, 2 miles (3.2 km) west of Narberth, on the former Narberth to Haverfordwest turnpike subsequently designated the A40 which bypassed the village in 2011. Robeston Wathen is in the community of Llawhaden.
The village is mediaeval, and limestone was quarried there.
The village was recorded as "Villa Roberti" in 1282, referring to an unknown Robert. It was referred to as "Roberdeston" (meaning: Robert's Farm) in 1357 and "Robertson Wathen" in 1545. The suffix "Wathen" came from the Wathen family who occupied the manor from the 15th century, and the origin of the name Wathen comes from the personal name Gwaiddan.
The parish has evidence of Neolithic and Bronze Age occupation, discovered during the building of the bypass (see below). In Norman times Robeston Wathen was in the ancient administrative area of Narberth Hundred.
Robeston House (or Robeston Wathen House), of uncertain date but at least as early as 1800, is a Grade II listed building; it was a hotel from 1977 to 1999. In 1833 the parish had a population of 421. A school was started in the 1860s for 90 local children. It closed in 1971 and is now the village hall.
Wilson's Gazeteer of 1872 describes the parish as covering 1,345 acres (544 ha) with a population of 362 living in 92 houses.
Limestone was quarried at Robeston Wathen Quarries, now a Site of Special Scientific Interest. It was designated a SSSI in 1967 to protect its fragile geological elements: the limestone is extremely rich in corals, particularly halysitids, and contains rare brachiopods. The site covers 1.67 ha and is managed by Natural Resources Wales. Some of the houses in the village are built from stone quarried there.
The Robeston Wathen Village Association was founded in 1989.
Until 2011 the main A40 trunk road passed through the village, effectively cutting it in two. The bypass was completed at a cost of £41 million and opened in March 2011. Access to Robeston Wathen village is by roundabouts to the east and west of the village.
The village has a petrol station and garage with an integral shop. To the west of the village is The Bush Inn, formerly a small cottage inn, which has become a larger concern and to the southeast at Coxlake is The Bridge, an inn on the Robeston Wathen to Narberth road, now the B4314.
The parish is in the Diocese of St David's and the parish church is dedicated to St Andrew. It was rebuilt in the 19th century on its mediaeval foundations; the tower is 14th or 15th century. It is a Grade II listed building.
In the churchyard is the war memorial to those who lost their lives in two world wars.
Dean Sabatino (born 21 May 1962) is an American musician, best known as "Dean Clean", the drummer of the satirical punk rock group The Dead Milkmen. Sabatino lives with his family in Media, Pennsylvania, a suburb of Philadelphia.
After playing with groups in high school, Sabatino formed Narthex, a two-piece new wave band, in 1980. The band failed to release a proper album before its split three years later, but a 1982 recording session was eventually remixed and released as the Twin Cities album in 2006.
Sabatino joined the Dead Milkmen as the only member with previous experience playing in rock bands. The group went on to enjoy college radio and modest MTV-based success through eight studio albums and substantial touring before disbanding in 1995. In the late 1980s, he also played with the rock group Baby Flamehead, who released one self-titled album.
In 1995, Sabatino's drumsticks were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as part of a 1300 + collection of signed drumsticks.
Sabatino and Dead Milkmen band mate Joe Genaro formed the band Butterfly Joe in 1996, who released a self-titled album on Razler Records before disbanding in 2001. He also played drums with the vaudeville group The Big Mess Orchestra, with whom he remains sporadically associated.
After two reunion shows in 2004, the Dead Milkmen reformed in 2008 (with Dan Stevens replacing the deceased Dave Schulthise on bass guitar). They are presently performing concerts and working on new material. Sabatino has maintained the band's official website since its inception. Baby Flamehead also reunited in 2010.
Official Dead Milkmen website
The Dead Milkmen. MTV.com. Retrieved on 2008-05-22.
"It's Only Make Believe" is a song written by Jack Nance and American country music artist Conway Twitty, and produced by MGM Records' Jim Vienneau, released by Twitty as a single in July 1958. The single topped both U.S. and the UK Singles Chart, and was Twitty's only number-one single on the pop charts of either country. On a segment of Pop Goes The Country, Twitty states the single was a hit in 22 different countries and sold over 8 million copies. It is believed that Twitty wrote his part of the song while sitting on a fire escape outside his hotel room, to escape the summer heat, in Hamilton, Ontario. Twitty had come to Canada at the request of another American singer, Rompin' Ronnie Hawkins, due to Hawkins saying to Twitty that Canada was the 'promised land' for music.
Twitty recorded many subsequent versions of "It's Only Make Believe", including a 1970 duet with Loretta Lynn on their very first collaborative album, We Only Make Believe. Twitty joins in on the last verse in a 1988 uptempo cover by Ronnie McDowell, which was a #8 hit on the country music charts. Additionally, Twitty contributed to an alternative cover by McDowell.
The song's lyrics describe the thoughts and feelings of a man who is in a one-way relationship: He has a girlfriend, but she does not love him and only stays in the relationship for appearances, a fact of which he is painfully aware. He hopes and prays that, at some point in the future, the woman whom he is in love with will return his love, but laments that, at present, "it's only make believe."
The Hollies covered it in 1963.
Billy Fury had a UK #10 hit with his version in 1964, which also went to #1 in Singapore.
Roy Hamilton recorded a version at Chips Moman's American studios in Memphis in 1969.
Glen Campbell's 1970 recording for The Glen Campbell Goodtime Album became a top ten hit in both the United States and United Kingdom.
Lynn Anderson recorded a version for her 1970 album Rose Garden.
Ronnie McDowell had a #8 single on the Billboard country chart in 1988 after recording the song as a duet with Twitty.
The pop band Child released the song as a single in 1978, reaching the top ten in the UK Charts.
Australian rock band Cold Chisel recorded a thundering version of the song in 1983 on their Barking Spiders Live album.
American pop-rock band Cock Robin recorded the song during their third album First Love Last Rites (1989) recording sessions, but the track was only released in the 1990 US version of the album, and more generally as a bonus track in their Best of Cock Robin compilation album in 1991.
Canadian country music singer Carroll Baker covered the song on her 1991 compilation Her Finest Collection. It was released as the album's first single and peaked at number 28 on the RPM Country Tracks chart.
The horror punk band Misfits have a cover version on their 2003 covers album Project 1950, retitled "Only Make Believe".
Queen guitarist Brian May has also covered it, his band consisting of Cozy Powell, Jamie Moses, Spike Edney & Neil Murray. May's cover was on the b-side of his 1998 single "Why Don't We Try Again".
Clay Aiken recorded the song for his 2010 album Tried and True.
In 2012, Fiona Apple performed the song as the closing number of all the shows in her The Idler Wheel Tour.
Screamin' Jay Hawkins covered the song on his 1972 album "A Portrait of a Man and his Woman" and it has appeared on several subsequent compilation albums.
Robert Gordon covered this song in 1979... https://www.discogs.com/Robert-Gordon-Its-Only-Make-Believe/release/4131489 YouTube has various performances of it...treat yourself!
List of number-one singles from the 1950s (UK)
List of Hot 100 number-one singles of 1958 (U.S.)
Lyrics of this song at MetroLyrics
WJUN may refer to:
WJUN (AM), a radio station (1220 AM) licensed to serve Mexico, Pennsylvania, United States
WIBF (FM), a radio station (92.5 FM) licensed to serve Mexico, Pennsylvania, which held the call sign WJUN-FM from 1988 to 2015
The table below lists the decisions (known as reasons) delivered from the bench by the Supreme Court of Canada during 2013. The table illustrates what reasons were filed by each justice in each case, and which justices joined each reason. This list, however, does not include reasons on motions.
2013 decisions: CanLII, LexUM
Mourecochylis dentipara is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Carchi Province, Ecuador.
The wingspan is about 12 mm. The ground colour of the forewings of the males is creamy ochreous, suffused with brownish, especially in the basal area and at the apex. The hindwings are grey creamy. The ground colour of the female forewings is ochreous brownish, but paler postmedially. The hindwings are pale brownish grey.
Emerald Hill is a north-western suburb of Harare, Zimbabwe, named so because of either (i) the colour of the hill due to the large number of trees or (ii) an Irish connection: many of the roads in the suburb have Irish names.
On the hill in the centre of the suburb are located a school for the deaf and a children's home. Emerald Hill is also home to St. John's High School and Gateway Primary School (Zimbabwe).
Originally part of Avondale Farm, which was peri-urban to the early City of Harare, Emerald Hill was incorporated into the city in 1934. The northwest corner of Emerald Hill, known as "New Emerald Hill" was originally under the Marlborough Town Management Board and incorporated into the City of Harare in 1971, but only built up in late 1990s.
Thomas Cogan (1545?–1607) was an English physician.
Cogan was born about 1546 at Chard, Somersetshire. He was educated at Oxford, graduated B.A. 1562-3, M.A. 1566, and M.B. 1574. He became fellow of Oriel in 1563. In 1574 he resigned his fellowship, and then (or in 1575) was appointed master of the Manchester grammar school. He practised as a physician at Manchester. Before 1586 he married Ellen, daughter of Sir Edmund Trafford, and widow of Thomas Willott, who had property in Manchester. In 1591-3 he was the family physician of Sir Richard Shuttleworth. In 1595 he presented Galen's works and other medical books to the library of Oriel, where they are still preserved. He resigned the schoolmastership before 1602, died in June 1607, and was buried on the 10th of that month in the church at Manchester. His will mentions property both in Somersetshire and Manchester, and bequeaths books to all the fellows and other officers of the college, and 4d. to each boy in the school. His widow died in December 1611.
His works are:
The Well of Wisedome, containing Chiefe and Chosen Sayinges … gathered out of the Five Bootes of the Olde Testament …, 1577.
The Haven of Health, made for the comfort of Students …,' 1584 (several later editions). With this was published A Preservative from the Pestilence, with a short censure of the late sickness at Oxford,
Epistolarum familiarium M. T. Ciceronis epitome … (with an 'Epistle to all Schoolmasters,' the book being intended as an introduction to Latin).
Wood also mentions:
Epistolæ item aliæ familiares Ciceronis,
Orationes aliquot faciliores Ciceronis.
Attribution
   
Nibi (nibi estate) is a village in the Raebareli district of Uttar Pradesh state in northern India. Agriculture is an important part of the local economy. At the west end of village kashikheda and vishayakpur village is situated. This village is 55 km from Raebareli town and 90 km from Kanpur. However very few trains halt at Lalganj, making Raebareli a more convenient rail head. The nearest airport is Lucknow Airport.
Jorge Reyes (September 24, 1952 – February 7, 2009) was a Mexican ambient electronic musician who incorporated elements of his native Mexican culture into his music. He performed as the member of several groups (mostly known for his time with Chac Mool ) and collaborations (most notably with Steve Roach as well as Suso Saiz) and as a solo artist
The Mexican Reyes should not be confused with the Cuban bassist Jorge Reyes, the Cuban author Jorge Ivan Reyes, the Brooklyn television writer Jorge A. Reyes, or the Oregon baseball player Jorge Reyes.
Reyes was born on September 24, 1952, in Uruapan, Michoacán, Mexico with the name Jorge Valencia. He was not a Native Mexican, but played many Prehispanic instruments to which he was exposed from an early age in his village. Reyes attended the National School of Music, Mexico (Escuela Nacional de Musica de la Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México, or UNAM) 1970–1975, studying the flute. During this time, he formed two seminal Mexican rock bands, Al Universo and Nuevo México, influenced by Jethro Tull and Pink Floyd but incorporating native musical instruments. In 1976, his growing interest in jazz led to spending a year in Hamburg, Germany, where he studied improvisation with Herb Geller. As part of this training, he traveled through Turkey, Pakistan, Afghanistan, and Sri Lanka. In 1978, he attended a Hindu music course in the Himalayas, in which he studied traditional Indian flute and percussion techniques. On these overseas trips, he began collecting many native instruments.
After returning to Mexico, Reyes founded the band Chac Mool with drummer Armando Suárez and keyboardist Carlos Alvarado, which was one of the first Mexican progressive rock bands. The band recorded four well-received albums, on which Reyes played flute and guitar, before disbanding.
In 1985, Reyes began a prolific solo career. He collaborated with several other new-age and electronic musicians, including American synthesist Steve Roach, Mexican singer and multi-instrumentalist Arturo Meza (of the band Decibel), Spanish guitarist Suso Saiz, Mexican percussionist Juan Carlos López, German synthesist Elmar Schulte (of the band Solitaire), Deep Forest, and others.
His music was used frequently in Mexican radio and television programs. He performed many concerts at famous Mexican archeological sites such as Malinalco, Teotihuacan, Templo Mayor, Chichen Itza, and Tenango del Valle. His annual Día de los Muertos concerts at UNAM were popular events. He also gave many concerts at the Espacio Escultórico de Ciudad Universitaria, where he collaborated with dancer and choreographer Regina Quintero.
Reyes died from a heart attack at his recording studio in Mexico City on Saturday February 7, 2009. He was 56 years old. He had three children—Citlalli, Ridwan (with Ursula Kipp), and Erendira (with Ariane Pellicer).
Ek-Tunkúl (1983)
A La Izquierda Del Colibri (with Antonio Zepeda) (1985)
Comala (with Arturo Meza & La Tribu) (1986)
Viento De Navajas (1987)
Crónica De Castas (with Suso Saiz) (1990)
Mexican Music: Prehispanic (1990)
Niérika (1990)
UAISCM4: Tlaloc (with Francisco López) (1991)
Bajo El Sol Jaguar (with Suso Saiz y Juan Carlos López) (1992)
El Costumbre (with Juan Carlos López)(1993)
Mexican Music: Prehispanic Music for the Forgotten Spirits (1994)
Mexican Music: Prehispanic Mystic Rites (1994)
The Flayed God (with Steve Roach) (1994)
Tonami (1995)
Mort Aux Vaches (1996)
Mexican Music: Prehispanic Rituals (1996)
Vine ~ Bark & Spore (with Steve Roach) (2000)
La Otra Conquista (soundtrack) (with Samuel Zyman) (2000)
Pluma De Piedra (with Piet Jan Blauw) (2002)
Ciudad De México Y Chiapas: Dos Paisajes Sonoros (with Peter Avar) (2006)
Ethnoaural (with Barbelo) (2008)
Forgotten Gods (1993, Hearts of Space Records)
Earth Island (1994, Fathom/Hearts of Space Records)
Twilight Earth: Second International Soirée (various artists) (1995)
Nadie en Especial (1980)
Sueños de Metal (1981)
Cintas en Directo (1982)
Caricia Digital (1983)
25 Aniversario Box Set (compilation) (2005)
La Otra Conquista (1998 Film)
Ambient music
Electronic music
Music of Mexico
New-age music
Official Web site (in Spanish)
Reyes performing "Sacrificio" on YouTube
Reyes discography
Break the Spell Tour was the second headlining tour from record breaking American rock band Daughtry. The first leg of the tour was announced on January 16, 2012. The tour began on March 20, 2012, in Buffalo, New York and finished on October 19, 2012, in Dubai. It was in support of third studio album Break the Spell and grossed $6.3 million 
Mike Sanchez
SafetySuit
"Renegade"
"Break the Spell"
"Feels Like Tonight"
"Crawling Back to You"
"Losing My Mind"
"Outta My Head"
"Crazy"
"Start of Something Good"
"What About Now"
"Home"
"Rescue Me"
"Spaceship"
"Louder Than Ever"
"Over You"
"No Surprise"
"Runnin' Down A Dream" (Tom Petty cover)
"September"
Encore
"Rebel Yell" (Billy Idol cover)
"It's Not Over"
Band
Chris Daughtry – lead vocals, guitar
Josh Steely – lead guitar
Brian Craddock – rhythm guitar, backing vocals
Josh Paul – bass
Robin Diaz – drums
Touring members
Elvio Fernandes – keyboards, backing vocals
Korea at the Paralympics may refer to:
North Korea at the Paralympics
South Korea at the Paralympics
Lepidium perfoliatum is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names clasping pepperweed and perfoliate pepperwort. It is native to Europe and Asia and it can be found in other parts of the world as an introduced species.
This is an annual or biennial herb producing an erect stem to a maximum height near 60 centimeters. Leaves at the base of the plant are divided into linear lobes, while the leaves higher up on the stem are rounded to oval in shape and surround the stem. The tip of the stem is occupied by an inflorescence of very small flowers, each with yellow petals only 1 or 2 millimeters long. The fruit is a flattened oval or diamond-shaped capsule about 4 millimeters long.
Jepson Manual Treatment
Photo gallery
Babayakup is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
The idea of human geography originated rather early in China, about 2,000 years ago. The classical works of philosophy and history contained much of the concept of the relationship between human activities and "Tian" (the heaven) or "Di" (the earth), recognizing that both sides were now and then in harmonious state or in contradictory condition, and both sides had their own evolutionary law.
Geography of China
Chinese historiography
China Historical Geographic Information System
Wu Chuan-jun. "The progress of human geography in China: Its achievements and experiences" GeoJournal Volume 21, Numbers 1–2 / March, 1990
Yue-man Yeung and Yixing Zhou. Human geography in China: evolution, rejuvenation and prospect. Progress in Human Geography 15,4 (1991) pp. 373–394
Tao-Chang Chiang. "Historical geography in China" Progress in Human Geography, Vol. 29, No. 2, 148–164 (2005)
China, the Land and the People: A Human Geography by L. H. Dudley Buxton. 333 pgs.
Sir Nathaniel Gould (3 December 1661 – 21 July 1728) was an English merchant and politician who sat in the House of Commons of England from 1701 to 1707 and in the House of Commons of Great Britain between 1707 and 1728.
Gould owned shipbuilding yards in Shoreham and also contributed to the rebuilding of the market house at Shoreham. He was elected Member of Parliament for New Shoreham in 1701 when he was unseated for bribery (having handed out a guinea a man) and then re-elected. He held the seat until May 1708 and was re-elected in 1710. This time he retained the seat until his death in 1728 although his elections often gave rise to petitions on the grounds of bribery or intimidation.
Gould was also a Governor of the Bank of England from 1711 to 1713 at the time when the South Sea Company was founded. He had earlier served as its Deputy Governor. He was knighted in 1721.
Gould married Frances, daughter of Sir John Hartopp, 3rd Baronet and granddaughter of Charles Fleetwood. One of their children married Thomas Cooke, also Governor of the Bank of England from 1737 to 1740.
Gould lived at Fleetwood House, Stoke Newington but also owned property at New Shoreham. He died aged 66.
   (Subscription or UK public library membership required.)
RTI(-4229)-352 is a phenyltropane that is used as a radiolabeling ligand for the DAT. U.S. Patent 6,358,492
RTI-352 has been configured to have 1R,2S,3R stereochemistry and is therefore a geometric isomer of β-CIT.
Based on X-ray crystallography, this compound is in a tautomeric equilibrium residing mostly on the side of the boat-shaped conformer.
George Keyt (17 April 1901 – 31 July 1993) was a Sri Lankan painter. He is often considered Sri Lanka's most distinguished modern painter. Keyt's dominant style is influenced by cubism. He also claimed to be influenced by his contemporary Henri Matisse and the ancient Buddhist art and sculpture of Nagarjunakonda, Sanchi and Gandhara. The Jataka tales formed a recurring theme in many of his works.
In addition to being a painter, Keyt was a poet. He outlined his perceptions and practice as a painter in a few essays on the vision of the painter. One of his most notable literary works is his translation of the Gita Govinda into English (Bombay, 1940) and Sinhalese. These translations were illustrated by his own line drawings (see Martin Russell collection and Amerasinghe-Ganendra collections).
Keyt was born in Sri Lanka (Ceylon) and educated at Trinity College (Kandy), an elite colonial school in the British public school tradition. Stemming from Indo-Dutch origins, Keyt gave much time from an early age to drawing and the study of art and developed a consuming passion for books and reading.
The spell of the ancient hill capital and its Buddhist aura soon came to exercise a powerful and lasting influence and was to provide both the literary and artistic stimulus living so close to the Malwatte Vihare. He became greatly drawn towards Buddhism and championed the cause of the Buddhist revival. He wrote profusely in both prose and verse. The young painter also began to turn his back on the values of the westernised milieu of the class into which he was born.
His explorations in Hindu mythology and Indian literature led him to close links with the cultural life of India, where he lived for long and short periods from 1939 right up to the late seventies. To the Sri Lankan Buddhist source were now added the imagery of Hindu myth and legend as key influences.
A meeting with Rabindranath Tagore in the 1930s in Ceylon left a lasting impression.
Keyt was a founder member of the Colombo '43 Group of Sri Lankan artists, and one of its four leading painters, along with Ivan Peries, Justin Daraniyagala and his brother-in-law Harold Peiris.
Many exhibitions of his work have also been held in India, London and other European and American centres. His pictures are found in various museums and galleries abroad, as well as in private collections in Sri Lanka and throughout the world.
Sri Lanka has issued several stamps featuring the paintings of George Keyt.
The George Keyt Foundation
Examples of Keyt's work
Examples of contemporary Sri Lankan painting
The lives of Keyt In memory of the 106th birth anniversary of George Keyt
Yawhen Barsukow (Belarusian: Яўген Барсукоў; Russian: Евгений Юрьевич Барсуков; born 5 July 1990) is a Belarusian professional footballer. As of 2016 he plays for Gomel.
Yawhen Barsukow profile at Soccerway
A computer security policy defines the goals and elements of an organization's computer systems. The definition can be highly formal or informal. Security policies are enforced by organizational policies or security mechanisms. A technical implementation defines whether a computer system is secure or insecure. These formal policy models can be categorized into the core security principles of: Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability. For example, the Bell-La Padula model is a confidentiality policy model, whereas Biba model is an integrity policy model.
If a system is regarded as a finite-state automaton with a set of transitions (operations) that change the system's state, then a security policy can be seen as a statement that partitions these states into authorized and unauthorized ones.
Given this simple definition one can define a secure system as one that starts in an authorized state and will never enter an unauthorized state.
Bell-La Padula model
Biba model
Clark-Wilson model
Chinese Wall (Also known as Brewer and Nash model)
To represent a concrete policy especially for automated enforcement of it, a language representation is needed. There exist a lot of application specific languages that are closely coupled with the security mechanisms that enforce the policy in that application.
Compared with this abstract policy languages, e.g. the Domain Type Enforcement-Language, are independent of the concrete mechanism.
Anti-virus
Information Assurance - CIA Triad
Firewall (computing)
Protection mechanisms
separation of protection and security
ITU Global Cybersecurity Agenda
Elise Andrew (born 1989) is a British blogger and science communicator. She is the founder and maintainer of "I fucking love science" (IFLS), a Facebook page on popular science.
Andrew was raised in Long Melford, Suffolk, United Kingdom (UK). Andrew graduated from the University of Sheffield in 2012 with a Bachelor of Science in biology. Her undergraduate degree covered subjects such as ecology, animal sciences and evolution.
Her work maintaining the IFLS Facebook page, as well as three others—"Earth Story", "Evolution", and "The Universe"—led to LabX Media Group hiring her as a Social Media Content Manager. According to the IFLS Facebook page, this position remains current as of March 2014.
In September 2012, several of Andrew's articles were included in that month's issue of The Scientist, a magazine published for professional life scientists.
Her work with social media and popular science has been covered by CBS This Morning, Cosmopolitan, The Huffington Post, Geeked, Maclean's, Mashable, National Geographic, New York Daily News, ScienceWorld, Scope, and Süddeutsche Zeitung.
Andrew started the Facebook page "I fucking love science" in March 2012, saying of the creation that "I was always finding bizarre facts and cool pictures and one day I decided to create somewhere to put them – it was never supposed to be more than me posting to a few dozen of my friends." After the first day of being on Facebook, the page had over 1,000 likes, and passed 1 million likes in September 2012. By January 2015, this had risen to 19.5 million likes. In March 2013, in an interview with Maclean's, Andrew said that her page has not only high numbers of people who "like" it, but also that posts to IFLS generate a large amount of user discussion, often putting IFLS at the top of Facebook's engagement statistics. Andrew is currently the sole maintainer of the page.
In March 2013, Andrew posted a link to her new Twitter account on the IFLS page, which used a photo of herself as its avatar. Many Facebook fans were surprised that Andrew was a woman, and responses were a mix of sexist and supportive comments. Computer scientist Diana Franklin noted that even some of the so-called positive responses were sexist, with readers making sexual comments about Andrew. Journalists such as Kevin Morris of the Daily Dot were supportive; he called her "the Neil deGrasse Tyson of Facebook". Andrew was baffled by the surprise of her Facebook followers about her gender, as she had made her identity known earlier in photographs and media interviews posted to the page, which listed her in the "about" section since its creation.
In August 2013 Andrew collaborated with Discovery Communications to create an online video series based on IFLS. The first weekly segment appeared at Discovery's online TestTube network. Episodes were also made available at the IFLS page on YouTube.
Andrew has been invited to speak at engagements around the world including a series in Australia in August 2013 dedicated to IFLS, a science communication program at MIT Museum in September, a science-culture conference in Chile in October, and the World Congress of Science and Factual Producers in Montreal in December 2013. Andrew is listed as a speaker by the Scientista Foundation for its 5 April 2014 symposium at Massachusetts Institute of Technology. She is scheduled to appear at a science and skepticism conference in New York City later that month, hosted by the New England Skeptical Society.
Television personality and comedian Craig Ferguson announced at the 2014 SXSW festival in Austin, Texas, US that he would be collaborating with the Science Channel and Andrew on the IFLS television program. Ferguson will serve as the show's executive producer and it will debut in late 2014. The show will have the same name as the Facebook page and will consist of animation and live-action within a one-hour format.
In 2015, Andrew was listed as one of Forbes' "30 to watch under 30" in their "media" category.
In June 2015, Andrew was presented with the Stamford Raffles Award for distinguished contributions to zoology by amateur zoologists or for activities outside normal professional undertakings, by the Zoological Society of London.
Andrew has come under criticism from the Internet community for plagiarism and unlicensed use of intellectual property.
On 23 April 2013, Scientific American blogger Alex Wild saw that Andrew had used one of his insect photographs without attribution or permission. He determined that 59 of the 100 most recent photographs used by Andrew were not credited to the original source. Wild accused Andrew of infringing the copyright of his photographs and artwork for her Facebook page without requesting permission from the copyright holders.
Similarly, after complaining to Facebook about the uncredited use of his infographics on the IFLS page, Yemeni scientist Hashem Al-Ghaili claims to have been told by Facebook that IFLS was the subject of over 6,000 copyright complaints in 2013.
Andrew lives and works in Midland, Ontario, Canada. On 13 September 2013, she married her fiancé Jake Rivett; she has stated that she will wait "a long time" to have children.
Official "I fucking love science" Facebook page
Elise Andrew on Twitter
The Battle of Chrysas was a battle fought in 392 BC in the course of the Sicilian Wars, between the Carthaginian army under Mago and a Greek army under Dionysius I, tyrant of Syracuse, who was aided by Agyris, tyrant of the Sicel city of Agyrium. Mago had been defeated by Dionysius at Abacaenum in 393, which had not damaged the Carthaginian position in Sicily. Reinforced by Carthage in 392 BC, Mago moved to attack the Sicles allied with Syracuse in central Sicily. After the Carthaginians reached and encamped near the River Chrysas, the Sicels harassed the Carthaginian supply lines causing a supply shortage, while the Greek soldiers rebelled and deserted Dionysius when he refused to fight a pitched battle. Both Mago and Dionysius agreed to a peace treaty, which allowed the Carthaginians to formally occupy the area west of the River Halycus, while Dionysius was given lordship over the Sicel lands. The peace would last until 383, when Dionysius attacked the Carthaginians again.
Dionysius attacked the Phoenician city of Motya in 398 BC, igniting the first of four wars he was to lead against Carthage between 398 -368 BC. After the sack of Motya, Dionysius retired to Syracuse, while Himilco of Carthage arrived in Sicily with 50,000 men along with 400 triremes and 600 transports to continue the war. in 397 BC.
Himilco first stormed Motya, where the mostly Sicel garrison under Biton was easily overcome, then lifted the siege of Segesta, and Dionysius retired to Syracuse instead of offering battle in Western Sicily against a superior army. Himilco returned to Panormus, garrisoned the Carthaginian territories, and then sailed to Lipara and collected 30 talents of silver as tribute. The Carthaginian force next sailed for Messana and easily captured and sacked the city. Himilco founded the city of Tauromenium and populated it with allied Sicels, then moved south towards Catana. Dionysius moved his forces to Catana also but, due to the rash tactics of his brother Leptines, the Greek fleet was heavily defeated at the naval battle of Catana. Himilco next besieged Syracuse itself in the autumn of 397 BC. After the Carthaginian forces were devastated by a plague, Dionysius managed to decimate the Punic fleet and shut up the army survivors in their camp. Himilco, after bribing Dionysius, fled to Africa with Carthaginian citizens, while Dionysius enslaved the abandoned Carthaginian soldiers.
The Sicilian Greek cities which had become tributary to Carthage after 405 BC had all revolted in 398 BC, and along with the Sicels and the Sikans had joined Dionysius in his attack against Motya. After the defeat at Catana the Sicilian Greek soldiers had returned to their respective homes when Dionysius decided to withstand a siege in Syracuse against their wishes. The Sicels had also turned against Dionysius and had sent soldiers to help Himilco during the Carthaginian siege of Syracuse in 397 BC.
The return of Himilco after abandoning his troops to the mercy of Dionysius did not sit well with either the Carthaginian citizenry or their African subjects. Himilco publicly took full responsibility for the debacle, dressed in rags visited all the temples of the city pleading for deliverance and finally committed suicide. The divine was not mollified as a plague swept through Africa weakening Carthage further, and to top things off, the Libyans, angered by the desertion of their kinsmen in Sicily, gathered an army numbering 70,000 men and besieged Carthage itself.
Mago, the victor of Catana, (and possibly a member of the Magonid family) took command. The standing Punic army was in Sicily and recruiting a new one would have been time consuming and probably very costly (Himilco's abandonment would have made mercenaries wary), so he rallied Carthaginian citizens to man the walls while the Punic navy kept the city supplied, as the Libyans had no ships to counter the Carthaginian fleet. Mago then used bribes and other means to quell the rebels.
After securing the safety of Carthage, Mago moved to Sicily, where the Punic city of Solus had been sacked by Dionysius sometime in 396 BC. Carthage was unwilling or unable to provide Mago with additional forces, and he had to make do with the Punic garrison left by Himilco and whatever forces he could gather in Sicily. The Carthaginians caught a break when Dionysius chose not to invade the Punic territories in Western Sicily immediately lifting the siege of Syracuse. The Elymians had stayed loyal to Carthage since the start of the war, while the Sicilian Greeks and Sikans were not threatening and most of the Sicels were not hostile when Mago arrived in Sicily.
Instead of trying to recover the lost Punic conquests through force, Mago adopted a policy of cooperation and friendship, giving aid to Greeks, Sikans, Sicels, Elymians and Punics regardless of their prior standing with Carthage. Many of the Greeks had been victims of the duplicity and aggression of Dionysius (he had destroyed Greek cities Naxos, Leontini and Catana and driven out the population) and even preferred to live under Punic rule.
The Carthaginians allowed Greeks from Naxos, Catana and Leontini, made refugees by Dionysius, along with Sicels and Sikans to settle in Punic territory, while alliances were made with Sicel tribes being threatened by Dionysius. The Greeks cities, free of Carthaginian over lordship since 398 BC, now moved from a pro Syracuse position to a neutral one, either feeling threatened by Dionysius or because of the activities of Mago. Mago was forced to take up arms after Dionysius attacked Tauromenium in 394 BC, a Carthaginian alley.
Dionysius did not immediately attack Punic Sicily after lifting the siege of Syracuse in 396 BC, although no formal treaty had been made ending the war with Carthage. The war had been costly and he may have been short of money, he also had to deal with a revolt of his mercenaries, and furthermore, he feared a fight to the finish with Carthage as it might end up finishing him. After securing Syracuse and resettling the rebellious mercenaries at Leontini (or having them killed after taking them to Leontini in the pretext of handing the town to them), Dionysius began to secure his position in Eastern Sicily.
The destruction of Messana had left Rhegion, a Greek city hostile to Dionysius, in a position to dominate the Strait of Messina, and Carthage with an opportunity to join hands with Rhegion and threaten Syracuse from the north. Dionysius first rebuilt and repopulated Messina with colonists from Locri and Medma from Italy and some from Messene, who were later relocated to Tyndaris when Sparta objected to settling the Messenians in Messana. The original inhabitants of Messana, homeless since the sack of their city in 397 BC, were settled at Tyndaris, another city built by Dionysius after he forced the Sicel city of Abacaenum to cede lands to the new colony. The founding of Messana and Tyndaris helped secure the north eastern coast of Sicily for Dionysius. Rhegion, fearing Dionysius might use Messana as a base against them planted Mylae between Messana and Tyndaris and populated the city with the refugees of Naxos and Catana, however, in 394 BC the Messanians defeated a Rhegion attack on Messana and took Mylae.
After settling Messana Dionysius attacked the Sicels and took Smeneous (exact location unknown) and Morgantina, around which the Punic city Solus and Sicel city Cephaloedium was betrayed to him, the Sicel town of Enna was sacked and the booty fattened his coffers. Syracusan territory by now had expanded to border Agyrium.
Agyris, tyrant of Agyrium was a ruthless man, having become rich after killing the leading citizens of Agyrium, commanded 20,000 citizens and many fortresses and was second only to Dionysius in Sicily. Furthermore, Agyris had aided the Campanian mercenaries sent by Carthage to rescued Dionysius in 403 BC (when the Greek rebels had him besieged in Syracuse and he was close to capitulating), so Dionysius had a personal debt to consider. Dionysius chose not to provoke Agyris or Damon, ruler of Centuripae but made alliances with the Sicel cities of Agyrium, Centuripae, Herbita, Assorus (this city had stayed loyal to Syracuse after other Sicels had deserted to Himilco when Tauromenium was founded in 397 BC) and Herbessus. creating a buffer zone for Syracuse in central Sicily. Dionysius next besieged Tauromenium in the winter, but was forced lift the siege after his night assault failed. Dionysius next attacked Rehgion, but his attack failed, and he returned to Sicily after concluding a treaty with Rhegion to prevent their joining Carthage.
It normally took Carthage some time to organize armies so Mago did not await reinforcements from Africa to arrive. He gathered together whatever forces he could in Sicily and set out for Messana, which had deposed out the partisans of Dionysius after his debacle at Tauronemium. Dionysius managed to intercept Mago near Abacaenum and the Carthaginians were heavily defeated, losing 8,000 soldiers. The defeat did not weaken the Carthagnian position in Sicily. Carthage reinforced Mago, and the stage was set for another confrontation.
Himilco had brought 50,000 men along with 400 triremes and 600 transports to Sicily in 397 BC.The majority of this army had been destroyed at Syracuse, and the size of the force Mago commanded at Abacaenum is not known except that it had shrunk by a further 8,000 men after the battle. Carthage sent an army of 80,000 soldiers to Sicily, recruited from AfricSardinia and Campania. No Iberian recruits are mentioned, perhaps the presence of Iberians at Leontini and in the army of Syracuse had made Carthage wary of hiring them. Carthaginian troop numbers may have been exaggerated by a factor of two, but it is likely Mago's force outnumbered the Greeks.
Dionysius had mustered an army of 40,000 foot and 3,000 horsemen, from both citizens and mercenaries (at least 10,000, if not more) for attacking Motya in 398 BC, perhaps along with 40,000 Greek, Sicel and Sikan volunteers. At Catana in 397 BC Dionysius commanded 30,000 foot and 3,000 horse, perhaps he was short of cash to hire mercenaries and part of his forces were manning Syracuse. In 392 BC Dionysius organized an army of 20,000 men, perhaps garrison duty and cash shortage prevented assembling of a larger contingent. The Sicels mustered an army of 20,000 troops to support Syracuse.
The Libyans supplied both heavy and light infantry and formed the most disciplined units of the army. The heavy infantry fought in close formation, armed with long spears and round shields, wearing helmets and linen cuirasses. The light Libyan infantry carried javelins and a small shield, same as Iberian light infantry. Campanian, Sardinian, Sicel and Gallic infantry fought in their native gear, but often were equipped by Carthage. Sicels and other Sicilians were equipped like Greek Hoplites, as were the Sicilian Greek mercenaries. Mago's force had no Iberian soldiers.
The Libyans, Carthaginian citizens and the Libyo-Phoenicians provided disciplined, well trained cavalry equipped with thrusting spears and round shields. Numidia provided superb light cavalry armed with bundles of javelins and riding without bridle or saddle. Iberians and Gauls also provided cavalry, which relied on the all out charge. Carthage at this time did not use elephants, and there is no mention of war chariots being present in Mago's army. The Carthaginian officer corps held overall command of the army, although many units may have fought under their chieftains.
The mainstay of the Greek army was the Hoplite, drawn mainly from the citizens by Dionysius had a large number of mercenaries from Italy and Greece as well. Sicels and other native Sicilians also served in the army as hoplites and also supplied peltasts, and a number of Campanians, probably equipped like Samnite or Etruscan warriors, were present as well. The Phalanx was the standard fighting formation of the army. The cavalry was recruited from wealthier citizens and hired mercenaries. Dionysius also had the services of a number of Iberian troops, former members of Himilco's army. The Iberian infantry wore purple bordered white tunics and leather headgear. The Heavy infantry fought in a dense phalanx, armed with heavy throwing spears, long body shields and short thrusting swords.
Carthage had launched 3 major campaigns in Sicily in 409, 406 and 397 BC and the Punic navy had played a major role in combat, transport and logistical roles, as all 3 campaigns had progressed along the coast of Sicily. There is no mention of Carthage mobilizing a naval contingent to serve in Sicily in 392 BC, so Mago probably chose an inland route to take on Syracuse. The Carthaginians probably intended to deal with the Sicels allied with Dionysius and not launch a direct attack on Syracuse. The exact route of Mago's march is not known, except that many Sicel cities formally under Dionysius broke away and declared for Carthage. Mago faced little problems until he reached the territory of Agyris near the River Chrysas.
The Carthaginian army was probably dependent on supplies from their strongholds and allies, being inland the Punic fleet could not have supplied them. Mago marched in the territory of Agyris, but failed to persuade him to switch sides. The Carthaginians then moved to intercept the Greek army, but Dionysius, heavily outnumbered, fell back and luered the Carthaginians away from Agryium.
Hamilcar Barca during the first Punic war and Quintus Fabius Maximus during the second had adopt a strategy on encamping near their enemy and constantly skirmishing without engaging in pitched battle. Successive Carthaginian commanders faced similar tactics from the Greeks during their campaign in 406 BC, when the Greeks harassed the Punic supply lines and brought them close to disaster. Dionysius now adopted the same strategy. He encamped with his army but refused battle, while the Carthaginians camped nearby, the Sicels were employed to do the harassment.
Dionysius personally visited Agyris and secured his cooperation after promising him extensive territories and to supply whatever he needed in future. Agyris sent supplies of corn and other essentials to the Greek camp, then joined Dionysius with his whole army. The Carthaginian army outnumbered the combined armies of Syracuse and Agryium, so the Greeks sat tight while the Sicels began to harass the Punic supply train and foragers. Constant ambushes and skirmishing followed, and the Sicels, operating in their home ground, got the better of things and soon the Carthaginians faced a supply shortage. However, Fabian strategy is time consuming and that in itself can create fatal drawbacks, as Fabius and Hamilcar would discover in the future and Dionysius discovered at Chrysas.
Greek commanders had put the Carthaginians in similar situations at Akragas and Gela only to have their schemes scuttled by other factors. Like the plague that derailed Carthaginians campaigns in Sicily, Dionysius often was beset by mutiny and desertion. Sicilian Greeks left his army after his retreat from Gela in 405 BC and from Catana in 397. Syracusan soldiers had mutinied in 405 and 403 BC and almost toppled him, his mercenaries mutinied after his victory at Syracuse in 396 BC. While mercenaries fought as long they got paid, Greek citizen soldiers liked short campaigns. When Dionysius refused to heed their call for battle and decided to persist with the guerrilla tactics, the Syracusans simply left his camp and went home.
Dionysius made up his depleted numbers by freeing the slaves of the departed Greeks and arming them, but his army had shrunk both in numbers and fighting quality. It is not known if Mago got wind of his predicament or why he took no action. Dionysius had to cope with the possibility of a Carthaginian attack and also possible betrayal by the Sicels, victims of many a Greek scheme in the past. Mago had 3 options: sue for peace, retreat or fight a pitched battle. With both parties seeking a way out of their predicaments without battle, peace negotiations were opened and concluded.
Himilco and Dionysius had concluded a peace treaty in 405 BC after the Carthaginians had sacked Akragas, Gela and Camarina, with only the plague stopping them from attacking Syracuse. The terms of that treaty were:
Carthage kept full control on the Phoenician cities in Sicily. Elymian and Sikan cities are put in Carthaginian Sphere of Influence.
Greeks were allowed to return to Selinus, Akragas, Camarina and Gela. These cities, including the new city of Thermae, paid tribute to Cartage. Gela and Camarina were forbidden to repair their walls.
The Sicels and Messene were to remain free of Carthaginian and Syracusan influence, as was Leontini.
Dionysius was confirmed as ruler of Syracuse.
Both sides agreed to release prisoners and ships captured during the campaign.
The Sicilian political situation in 392 BC had changed considerably. Carthage was in control of Phoenicians, Sikans and Elymians, but the triburary Greeks cities had become independent of Carthaginian control. Dionysius had occupied Leontini while Messene was allied with Syracuse. The Sicels were divided, some were under Greek occupation or allied with Dionysius, while others, especially Tauromenium, was allied with Carthage. Dionysius and Mago agreed to terms, which are not clearly known but which reflected the ground reality:
The Sicels became subjects of Dionysius. Which meant Dionysius was free to attack Tauromenium without Carthaginian interference.
The Carthaginian dominion reached the rivers Halycas and Himera, the Greek cities of Selinus, Thermae and part of the Akragan territory (Heraclea Minoa) was now Carthaginian. Over 1/3 of Sicily was under the direct control of Carthage. Carthage further retained control over the Phoenicians, Elymians and Sikans. If anything was agreed regarding the status of Akragas, Gela, Camarina, the former vassals of Carthage, it is not known, but Carthage did not try to recover their former vassals.
Although both Mago and Dionysius were in a jam at Chrysas, it was probably possible for them to disengage and continue the war. However, the following factors may have influenced their agreeing to the peace pact:
Unlike the Roman Republic, which always fought to achieve a favorable outcome, with treaties seen as temporary interludes, the Carthaginians were mostly willing to negotiate and abide by treaties as long as their commercial infrastructure was intact. Carthage kept to the terms of the treaty after the Battle of Himera in 480 BC for 70 years. In 149 BC, Carthage continually submitted to the ever harsher demands of the Roman consuls until they demanded Carthaginians to move to an inland location, ending their commercial activities. Only then did the Carthaginians decided to go down in flames.
Dionysius kept all his conquests since 396 BC and further gained recognition of his dominion over the Sicels. He had little reason to continue the war.
The armies of Dionysius had shrunk in size because of cash shortage and he had been forced to pay off his mercenaries with land. Carthage had deeper pockets and fighting them may not have been cost effective in the long run.
Dionysius was not fighting a crusade to save Greek civilization from barbarians, peace with Carthage meant he could take on softer targets, especially Italian Greeks.
Mago sailed back to Carthage after the treaty and the Carthaginian army was disbanded. Carthage launched no wars in the Mediterranean. Dionysius took bloodless possession of Tauromenium in 391 BC and replaced the Sicel population with his mercenaries. If Dionysius compensated Agyris for his crucial services, the details are not known. The Syracusan rebels joined Dionysius before the treaty was signed and he promptly returned the freed slaves to their masters. After settling his affairs in Sicily, Dionysius began a campaign against Rhegion in 390 BC. He failed to take the city in 390 and 389 BC and finally succeeded in 387 BC. 3 years later, again he started a war with Carthage that lasted until 375 BC and ended in his defeat at the Battle of Cronium.
Diodorus Siculus translated by G. Booth (1814) Complete book (scanned by Google)
This article is a list of diplomats of Japan.
Yasushi Akashi (1931-)
Ken Harada (?-1973)
Hasekura Tsunenaga (1571-1622)
Inagaki Manjirō (1861-1908)
Komura Jutarō (1855-1911)
Katsuhiko Oku (1958-2003)
Motono Ichirō (1862-1918)
Kenzo Oshima (1943-)
Chiune Sugihara (1900-1986)
Tatsuo Kawai (1889-1965)
Kiyoshi Uchiyama
The 1995 season was the 88th year of international football (soccer) for the Sweden national football team. The team didn't qualify for Euro 1996.
1995 in Swedish football
RSSSF detailed results
 Penllergare is a country park in Wales. It was the estate of John Dillwyn Llewelyn adjacent to what is now the village of Penllergaer, Swansea. Although the names are similar, the village of Penllergaer grew up as a separate entity from the Penllergare estate.
At the height of its prosperity in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, the Penllergare estate, on the north-west fringe of Swansea, was one of the great gardens of Britain. Its main creator was John Dillwyn Llewelyn (1810–82), a man as distinguished for his contribution to landscape design and horticulture, as for his scientific experiments and pioneering photography.
Penllergare provided inspiration for the expression of Dillwyn-Llewellyn's talents. Taking in the adjacent estate of Nydfwch and based on the work of his father, Lewis Weston Dillwyn, John exploited the natural beauty of the site in his grand design to create a landscape planted with a rich variety of trees, shrubs and exotic plants. He erected one of the first purpose-built orchid houses in the kitchen gardens, from 1836, an observatory, around 1851-2, was built close to the mansion house, and experiments with an electrically powered boat (built before 1848 by John himself) were conducted on the Lower Lake.
Inspired by Henry Fox Talbot who was first cousin to John's wife, Emma, Llewelyn became an enthusiastic and accomplished photographer. With its lakes and waterfalls, panoramic vistas, secret places and horticultural and botanical riches, Penllergare provided a wide variety of subjects for his camera and hisphotographic images vividly evoke the Victorian era style. His son, Sir John Talbot Dillwyn Llewelyn, brought the gardens to their peak just before the Great War and he, like his father was a notable philanthropist and supporter of community activities.
During the second half of the twentieth century, however, those glories faded and Penllergare began its long slide into dereliction. The mansion was destroyed and replaced by a ‘civic centre’. Development and vandalism added to the effects of neglect. The woodland gardens were "top-sliced" by the M4 motorway. Modern houses abut on the walled gardens and spill into the park. The promised country park in the 1990s failed to materialise, and the derelict house was demolished for safety reasons in the 1960s.
Cadw describes Penllergare as, "The partial survivor of a very important picturesque and Romantic landscape of the mid-nineteenth century" and registers it at Grade II.
Encouraged by the support of influential organisations and many individual people, it was decided that independent action was necessary to save this ‘secret and magical place’ for the benefit of the public. Ymddiriedolaeth Penllergare – The Penllergare Trust was formed in 2000 as a not-for-profit company and registered charity with the three purposes, in order of priority, of:
the protection, conservation, restoration and maintenance of the landscape of Penllergare
promoting knowledge and appreciation of Penllergare
protection and conservation of wildlife.
Penllergare (or more commonly known as Penllergare Valley Woods) has been a special, hidden world of natural, cultural and historical treasures for as long as people can remember. It is a nationally important historical landscape designed and created by the notable 19th-century horticulturist, philanthropist and pioneering photographer, John Dillwyn Llewelyn. It is a sanctuary for wildlife, and it has more recently become a park for people in an increasingly urban area providing a wide range of recreation, leisure and healthy living opportunities. For over half a century, it has struggled to cope with the damage, neglect and encroaching development brought about by increased urbanisation and commercialisation and there was a great fear that we would lose the woods forever if action was not taken. But after a decade of hard work and persistence with the aim of protecting, restoring and reviving Penllergare Valley Woods, the efforts of the Penllergare Trust have paid off….
The leases of Valley Woods were finally assigned to the Trust on 26 April 2012, effectively securing them for public benefit until 2116 – that’s 104 years! This in turn initiated the award of £2.4m by the Heritage Lottery Fund through its Parks for People programme to support the first phase of an ambitious £2.9m restoration scheme focussed on the upper end of the valley.
Guided by the unique archive of John Dillwyn Llewelyn’s mid-nineteenth century photography, over the next 3 years, the upper lake will be de-silted, and steps, terraces, waterfalls and cascades will be repaired and restored to reinstate the picturesque and romantic design. The very beautiful stone arched Llewelyn Bridge has been built in 2013, perhaps the only bridge of its type to be built in Britain in decades. The observatory has been leased from the Council, repaired and brought back into use and a hydro-electric generator will be installed alongside the upper waterfall to provide sustainable power for the estate. A walkway under the M4 will also link with the Forestry Commission forest, more than doubling the size of Valley Woods, as well as providing a ‘green’ route from the Gower to the Brecon Beacons. The construction of a small visitor kiosk and woodland car park has started and is due to be completed in June 2013. This work is supported by a grant from the European Regional Development Convergence Fund through Visit Wales and the Welsh Government as Valley Woods is part of the ‘One Historic Garden Project’ linking heritage, gardens and opportunities across South Wales.
The restoration project is currently underway. While most sites completely shut their doors while a restoration project is taking place, the Penllergare Trust wants everyone to share the experience and get involved in any way that they can. Local people and visitors alike are welcome to visit anytime, volunteer, fundraise, become a Friend of Penllergare Valley Woods, or join in on an event. It's a place for history, nature and people.
Penllergare Valley Woods Restoration Blog (Official Site)
The Penllergare Trust (Official site)
The main archive of photographs by John Dillwyn Llewelyn is at Swansea Museum
Cadw, 2000, Register of Landscapes, Parks and Gardens of Special Historic Interest in Wales. Part 1: Parks and Gardens of Glamorgan
Morris, Richard, 1999, Penllergare – A Victorian Paradise (out of print)
Eyers, Jennie (ed.), 2006, Penllergare – Echoes from Valley Woods
Qinpu (Chinese: 「琴譜」) are tablature score collections for the Chinese musical instrument, the guqin.
Qinpu are collections of tablatures of music for the guqin. In the past, music was passed on from teacher to student. Only recently has tablature been written down, often to preserve music or as a reference book. Tablature comes in form of individual and collections. Collections often have additional material attached to them, like explanation of fingering, qin lore, music theory, etc.
There are several different types of qinpu one can obtain: original editions, photographic reprint, lithographic facsimiles and modern reset editions.
Original editions are qinpu printed at the original time of publication, or re-issues during the past. These are mostly kept in libraries and private collections. Since they are original, they tend to be fragile.
Photographic reprints is basically a scan of the original qinpu and reduced size reprint in modern binding. The most famous is the Qinqu Jicheng.
Lithographic facsimiles are becoming more popular. The original qinpu is scanned, then it is lithographically printed on xuan paper. They are bound in traditional Chinese book binding method.
Modern reset editions appeared after 2005. These have modern typographic elements and are often reset using more recent editions or handcopies of original qinpu.
Qin notation
Please see: References section in the guqin article for a full list of references used in all qin related articles.
Zha, Fuxi (1958). Cunjian Guqin Qupu Jilan 【存見古琴曲譜輯覽】. Beijing: The People's Music Press. ISBN 7-103-02379-4.
Christopher Evan's site Zha Fuxi's list of tablature collections in pinyin alphabetical order.
John Thompson: Guqin Handbooks A chronological list with more detailed listing and links.
Robert Jenkinson was a British politician.
Jenkinson may also refer to:
Robert Jenkinson (canoer)
Sir Robert Jenkinson, 1st Baronet
Sir Robert Jenkinson, 2nd Baronet (c. 1654 – 1710) of the Jenkinson Baronets, MP for Oxfordshire (UK Parliament constituency)
Sir Robert Jenkinson, 3rd Baronet (1685–1717) of the Jenkinson Baronets, MP for Oxfordshire (UK Parliament constituency)
Sir Robert Jenkinson, 5th Baronet (1720–1766) of the Jenkinson Baronets
Joseph Anthony Bitker (born February 12, 1964) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for two seasons. He played for the Oakland Athletics for one game on July 31, 1990, then was traded to the Texas Rangers with Scott Chiamparino for Harold Baines. He then played for the Rangers in 1990 and 1991.
Career statistics and player information from Baseball-Reference, or Fangraphs, or The Baseball Cube, or Baseball-Reference (Minors)
Osteosclerosis is a type of osteopetrosis that involves abnormal hardening of bone and an elevation in bone density. It can be a pathology, normally detected on a radiograph as an area of increased opacity; that is, where more mineral is present in the bone to absorb or deflect the X-ray beam. Localized osteosclerosis can be caused by injuries that compress the bone, by osteoarthritis, and osteoma.
It is associated with:
Prostate cancer metastasis
Melorheostosis
Osteopetrosis
Osteopoikilosis
Chronic idiopathic myelofibrosis
Skeletal fluorosis
Schnitzler syndrome
Monoclonal IgM Kappa cryoglobulinemia
It can also be associated with Hepatitis C.
In the animal kingdom there also exists a non-pathological form of osteosclerosis, resulting in unusually solid bone structure with little to no marrow. It is often seen in aquatic vertebrates, especially those living in shallow waters, providing ballast as an adaptation for an aquatic lifestyle. It makes bones heavier, but also more fragile. In those animal groups osteosclerosis often occurs together with bone thickening (pachyostosis). This joint occurrence is called pachyosteosclerosis.
Pachyostosis
Pachyosteosclerosis
This is a List of Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments on the Westside. In total, there are more than 85 Historic-Cultural Monuments (HCM) on the Westside, and a handful of additional sites that have been recognized by the Cultural Heritage Commission for having been designated as California Historical Landmarks or having been listed on the National Register of Historic Places. They are designated by the City's Cultural Heritage Commission.
As a more recently developed section of the city, the Westside initially lagged behind other parts of the city in the designation of HCMs. In the first 20 years of the Cultural Heritage Commission's existence (August 1962 - August 1982), only three buildings (and three trees or groups of trees) on the Westside were designated as Historic-Cultural Monuments. The three buildings so designated are: (1) Rocha House -- (2) Hangar No. 1 -- the first building constructed at the airfield that later became LAX; and (3) the Ivy Park Substation, an electric generating station for the Pacific Electric Railway located on Venice Boulevard in Palms. Although the city's Westside became a center of wealth and architectural innovation in the mid-20th century, it was not until the 1980s that large numbers of buildings on the Westside began to be recognized as Historic-Cultural Monuments.
The LA HCM sites listed above include many of the most important historic sites in the westside area. Some others within L.A. in the area have been listed on the National Register of Historic Places or designated as California Historical Landmarks. These are:
Historic-Cultural Monuments in Downtown Los Angeles
Historic-Cultural Monuments on the East and Northeast Sides
Historic-Cultural Monuments in the Harbor area
Historic-Cultural Monuments in Hollywood
Historic-Cultural Monuments in the San Fernando Valley
Historic-Cultural Monuments in Silver Lake, Angelino Heights, and Echo Park
Historic-Cultural Monuments in South Los Angeles
Historic-Cultural Monuments in the Wilshire and Westlake areas
City of Los Angeles' Historic Preservation Overlay Zones
National Register of Historic Places listings in Los Angeles
National Register of Historic Places listings in Los Angeles County
List of California Historical Landmarks
official Designated L.A. Historic-Cultural Monuments (LAHCM) website — with 'ever-updated' LAHCM list via PDF link.
City of Los Angeles Map, with community districts. — via Given Place Media.
Big Orange Landmarks: "Exploring the Landmarks of Los Angeles, One Monument at a Time" — online photos and in-depth history of L.A.H.C. Monuments; see “Landmarks by Community Planning Area” Westside links — website curator: Floyd B. Bariscale.
http://www.rockethub.com/projects/42307-save-tarzan-s-home
Warren’s Blue (Orachrysops warreni) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa, where it is only known from one hillside in the Verloren Valei in Mpumalanga.
The wingspan is 32–36 mm for males and 32–40 mm for females. Adults are on wing from December to January. There is one generation per year.
The larvae feed on Indigofera species.
Unstruttal is a Verbandsgemeinde ("collective municipality") in the Burgenlandkreis (district), in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Before 1 January 2010, it was a Verwaltungsgemeinschaft. It is situated along the river Unstrut, approx. 50 km west of Leipzig. The seat of the Verbandsgemeinde is in Freyburg.
The Verbandsgemeinde Unstruttal consists of the following municipalities:
Balgstädt
Freyburg
Gleina
Goseck
Karsdorf
Laucha an der Unstrut
Nebra
RoadKill is an open world action-adventure video game developed by Terminal Reality and published in 2003 by Midway Games. The game has been described by Midway as “the only mission-based combat driving game set in a post-apocalyptic world.”
The story of this game is set in an alternate history inspired by classic post-apocalyptic road films like the Mad Max series and Death Race 2000. It starts after a lethal plague outbreak identified as "The Rot" was released in the 1980s which wiped out most of the world's population and brought society to its knees, going completely haywire with law and order collapsing, gangs roam free to engage in open warfare throughout communities 24/7.
In the midst of the chaos, a man named Mason Strong arrives in Hell County after being betrayed by an organisation named "The Sentinels" who set on recreating law and order by establishing a dictatorship. Mason is hired by the Daredevils, a gang of Irish immigrants led by the biracial "Uncle Woody" after being falsely accused of being a "rat" Mason kills Uncle Woody. He finds a new employer, The Section Eights a gang of War Veterans at war with rival gangs, after defending a convoy he captures the interest of South League, a gang who are trying to destroy The Sentinels after doing a few jobs, he destroys The Sentinel's generators that power their propaganda broadcasts with bomb-planted RC cars. Mason confronts their leader "Axl" and in a battle, kills him. Mason hears a radio broadcast from survivors, pleading for help. Mason gets into a vehicle and says "Buckle up kids here we go" before driving to an unknown location.
Electronic Gaming Monthly commented this game saying "It's like Twisted Metal: Black meets Grand Theft Auto.
Gamespy commented this game saying "If you're a fan of car combat...this is the only game in town."
RoadKill at MobyGames
The Australian Institute of Sport (AIS) is a sports training institution in Australia. The Institute's headquarters were opened in 1981 and are situated in Canberra (the capital city of Australia). The 66-hectare site campus is in the northern suburb of Bruce. The AIS is a division of the Australian Sports Commission.
Two reports were the basis for developing the AIS - The role, scope and development of recreation in Australia (1973) by John Bloomfield and Report of the Australian Sports Institute Study Group (1975) chaired by Allan Coles. The need of the AIS was compounded in 1976 when the Australian Olympic team failed to win an Olympic gold medal in Montreal, which was regarded as a national embarrassment for Australia. The Institute's well-funded programs (and more generally the generous funding for elite sporting programs by Australian and State Governments) have been regarded as a major reason for Australia's recent success in international sporting competitions.
A brief overview of the history of the AIS follows:
The AIS employs a number of staff who primarily work in Sports Science and Sports Medicine, which includes disciplines such as sports nutrition, performance analysis, skill acquisition, physiology, recovery, biomechanics, athlete career education, strength and conditioning, psychology, sports medicine, physical therapies, talent identification and applied performance research.
There are a number of sculptures located throughout the Bruce Campus, such as 'Acrobats', 'Gymnast', 'Pole Vaulter' and 'Soccer Players' by John Robinson and the 'Swimmer' by Guy Boyd. After the Sydney 2000 Olympics, two of the three sculptures - ' Gymnast' and 'Wheelchair Basketballer' - that were located on the Sydney Tower Eye prior to the Olympics were installed at the AIS.
The AIS Arena is a 5,200 capacity indoor stadium which has been used for sports such as basketball, gymnastics and volleyball as well as music concerts. Directly adjacent to, but not strictly part of the Institute is the 25,000 capacity outdoor Canberra Stadium which has hosted matches of all the major forms of football played in Australia.
In 2005, 2009 and 2010 the Institute won awards at the prestigious Canberra and Capital Region Tourism Awards. These awards were given in recognition of the daily public tours that are available. Each tour, which takes in several different buildings of the Institute as well as the arena and the Sportex zone, is led by an athlete currently training there.
Shortly after its inception in 1981, the AIS held a competition for a symbol that would depict the AIS aim of "achieving supremacy in sport". Over 500 designs were submitted. The winner was a design student from Bendigo in Victoria, Rose-Marie Derrico. Her design showed an athlete with hands clasped above the head in recognition of victory. The colours of the logo were red, white and blue, which are the same colours as the Australian flag.
On 3 February 2014, the AIS launched a new logo in line with its new direction as outlined in its Winning Edge program that was launched in 2012. Landor Associates designed the new brand and logo. The gold in the brand representing Australia's pursuit of gold.
From 2014, as a result of Australia's Winning Edge 2012-2022 strategy, the AIS no longer directly offered scholarships to athletes. As a result of the strategy, many national sporting organisations are utilizing the AIS facilities and services on an ongoing or regular basis. Several national sports organisations have located their national centres for excellence at the AIS. These include: Basketball Australia Centre for Excellence, Netball Australia Centre for Excellence Football Federation of Australia Centre of Excellence, Rowing Australia National Training Centre, Volleyball Australia Centre of Excellence and Swimming Australia National Training Centre.
The AIS does continue to support other athletes in other sports however they are self funded and not under the National Training Centre banner.
Up until 2013, the AIS offered scholarships to athletes across 36 programs in 26 different sports:
Artistic gymnastics, athletes with disabilities - swimming, athletics and winter sports, basketball, netball, rowing, football (men & women), tennis, swimming, track and field, volleyball (men) and water polo (women) administered from Canberra
Diving, squash, softball and cricket (men & women) administered from Brisbane
Sailing and slalom canoeing administered from Sydney
Hockey administered from Perth
Sprint canoeing, triathlon and BMX administered from the Gold Coast
Road cycling, track cycling and beach volleyball administered from Adelaide
Australian rules football, rugby union and rugby league are camps based programs
Winter sports (in partnership with the Olympic Winter Institute of Australia) administered from Melbourne
Sports that previously had an AIS program but were discontinued prior to 2013 included: weightlifting, water polo (men), volleyball (women), wrestling, shooting, archery, boxing and golf. .
Many prominent Australian athletes have taken up AIS scholarships. In 2001, the AIS established the Best of the Best Award to recognise highly performed AIS athletes. As of 2011, the following athletes have been recognised - Alisa Camplin, Robert De Castella, John Eales, Simon Fairweather, Neil Fuller, Bridgette Gusterson, Rechelle Hawkes, Shane Kelly, Luc Longley, Michelle Martin, Glenn McGrath, Michael Klim, Michael Milton, Clint Robinson, Louise Sauvage, Kate Slatter, Zali Steggall, Mark Viduka, Vicki Wilson, Todd Woodbridge, Lauren Jackson, Chantelle Newbery, Petria Thomas, Kerry Saxby-Junna, Jamie Dwyer, Anna Meares, Malcolm Page, Ricky Ponting and Matthew Cowdrey. In August 2013, Stuart O'Grady was indefinitely suspended from the 'Best of the Best' due to his admission to doping in 1998.
The Australian Institute of Sport Alumni highlights the many prominent Australian athletes that the AIS has assisted.
AIS was established to provide high level coaching to Australian athletes. Since its establishment in 1981, the AIS has employed highly credentialed Australian and international coaches. Original coaches were - Bill Sweetenham and Dennis Pursley (swimming), Wilma Shakespear in netball, Adrian Hurley and Patrick Hunt (basketball), Peter Lloyd and Kazuyu Honda (gymnastics), Jimmy Shoulder (football), Ray Ruffels and Helen Gourlay (tennis), Kelvin Giles, Gary Knoke and Merv Kemp (track and field), and Lyn Jones (weightlifting).
Other notable AIS coaches - Charlie Walsh (cycling), Barry Dancer and Richard Charlesworth(hockey), Terry Gathercole (swimming), Marty Clarke (basketball).
AIS established sports medicine and sports science services and research programs when established in 1981. Dr Dick Telford was its first Co-ordinator of Sports Science and Medicine. Other notable staff have included: Dr Peter Fricker, Professor Allan Hahn and Dr Bruce Mason.
The AIS and the Australian Olympic Committee formed the Australian Institute of Winter Sports after the 1998 Winter Olympics. The organisation was renamed to the Olympic Winter Institute of Australia on 1 July 2001. It provides training in alpine skiing, freestyle skiing (including aerial and mogul), snowboarding, short track speed skating and figure skating. It is also a partner with the AIS in skeleton (toboganning).
Australian Sports Commission
Australian Cricket Academy
Australian Institute of Sport Football Program
AIS Arena
Australian Institute of Sport alumni
Daly, John, Quest for Excellence : the Australian Institute of Sport, Australian Government Publishing Service, Canberra, 1991
Bloomfield, John, Australia's sporting success : the inside story, UNSW Press, Sydney, 2003
Ferguson, Jim, More than sunshine and vegemite : success the Australian way, Halstead Press, Sydney, 2007
Experience AIS Twitter
Australian Sports Commission Twitter
Australian Institute of Sport Annual Report 1981-1988
Australian Sports Commission Annual Reports include AIS activities since 1988.
Sports funding: federal balancing act –Detailed summary of Australian Government funding and policies related to sport
Maryland Route 381 (MD 381) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Maryland. Known as Brandywine Road, the highway runs 15.91 miles (25.60 km) from MD 231 at Patuxent north to U.S. Route 301 (US 301) in Brandywine. MD 381 connects Brandywine with the southeastern corner of Prince George's County and the northeastern corner of Charles County. The highway was constructed from MD 5 through Brandywine in the 1910s. MD 381 was extended southeast to MD 231 in the late 1920s and early 1930s. When MD 5 was relocated between Camp Springs and Brandywine in the mid-1950s, MD 381 was extended north along the old road to Camp Springs. The highway was rolled back to its present terminus at US 301 in the mid-1960s.
MD 381 begins at an intersection with MD 231 (Prince Frederick Road) at the hamlet of Patuxent between Hughesville and the Patuxent River. The highway heads north as a two-lane road to the Charles–Prince George's county line at Swanson Creek. Just north of Swanson Creek, MD 381 crosses the Herbert Subdivision of CSX's Pope's Creek Subdivision, which connects the Pope's Creek Subdivision with the Chalk Point Generating Station to the east. Road access to the power plant is provided by Eagle Harbor Road, which also serves the tiny town of Eagle Harbor. MD 381 continues through the village of Aquasco, which contains the historic homes Sunnyside and Villa DeSales and St. Mary's Rectory. The highway gradually curves northwest and meets MD 382 (Croom Road) at Poplar Hill. MD 381 passes through the village of Baden, which contains St. Paul's Parish Church, and to the east of Cedarville, which sits north of Cedarville State Forest.
MD 381 completes its westward curve before entering the village of Brandywine. MD 381 has a pair of at-grade railroad crosses at two of the three corners of the wye junction of the Herbert Subdivision and the Pope's Creek Subdivision. West of the latter railroad, the highway passes the historic William W. Early House. MD 381 veers northwest just before reaching its northern terminus at US 301 (Robert Crain Highway) adjacent to Gwynn Park High School and northeast of US 301's partial interchange with MD 5 (Branch Avenue). Brandywine Road continues as a county highway northwest through the hamlet of T.B., where the highway meets the eastern end of MD 373 (Accokeek Road), the northern end of short, unsigned MD 631 (Old Brandywine Road), and intersects MD 5. Brandywine Road serves the missing movements of the US 301–MD 5 interchange, allowing access from southbound MD 5 to northbound US 301 and from southbound US 301 to northbound MD 5.
The first section of Brandywine Road to be improved was from the Pope's Creek Branch railroad crossing east to North Keys Road, which was built by Prince George's County with state aid as a 14-foot (4.3 m) gravel road in 1911. By 1921, a segment of gravel road connected the Brandywine section with the Southern Maryland Road in the hamlet of T.B. at what is today the intersection of Brandywine Road and Old Brandywine Road east of MD 5. Construction on the remainder of MD 381 began in 1929 with the construction of three sections of gravel road between Brandywine to Aquasco. All three segments were completed by the end of 1930. MD 381 was completed as a gravel road from Aquasco to its southern terminus at Patuxent in 1933. When MD 5 was relocated to its present alignment from its junction with US 301 north to north of Camp Springs in 1956, MD 381 was extended north along MD 5's old alignment on Brandywine Road and Old Branch Avenue through Clinton and Camp Springs. The portion of the state highway north of US 301 was transferred to county maintenance in 1965.
MDRoads: MD 381
Asif Khan (born 15 February 1990) is a Pakistani first-class cricketer who played for Lahore cricket team.
Player profile: Asif Khan from ESPNcricinfo
Carlos Baena is a professional animator and now a cofounder of the online school Animation Mentor, which was started in March, 2005. It was the first post-secondary school that helped students to pursue a career in animation. At the school, students work with mentors from major studios in a production-style environment, and graduate with a professional demo reel.
Baena currently lives in San Francisco, California, where he spends his leisure time studying and making short films, composing music, skateboarding, and working on animation.
Born on the Canary Islands and raised in Madrid, Baena came to the United States to attend the University of San Francisco and the Academy of Art University. After graduating in June 1998, he found a job animating commercials at Will Vinton Studios in Portland, Oregon. Four months later, he returned to San Francisco to work on spots and short films at Click 3X and WildBrain, Inc. Working on commercials and short films helped him secure a position at San Rafael, CA.-based Industrial Light & Magic (ILM) in March 2001. At (ILM), Baena worked as an animator on Jurassic Park III, Men in Black II, and Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones. Eventually, Baena left ILM for Pixar in 2002 where he worked on the films Finding Nemo, The Incredibles, Cars, Ratatouille, WALL-E, and Toy Story 3 as well as the short film Boundin'.
Baena works with fellow cofounders, Bobby Beck, AnimationMentor.com’s CEO and President, and Shawn Kelly to define and shape the school’s overall direction. Baena balances his cofounder responsibilities with his full-time animator job at Pixar Animation Studios in Emeryville, California.
In Cars, Baena animated several scenes with the two Italian cars Guido and Luigi and received a 2007 Annie Award nomination for Best Character Animation for his work.
Animation Department:
1. Toy Story 3 (2010) (animator)
2. WALL-E (2008) (animator)
3. Ratatouille (2007) (animator)
4. Boundin' (2003) (animator)
5. Finding Nemo (2003) (animator)
6. Exploring the Reef (2003) (V) (animator)
7. Hubert's Brain (2001) (animator)
Visual Effects:
1. Cars (2006) (animator)
2. The Incredibles (2004) (animator)
3. Men in Black II (2002) (animator: air chase and post office sequences, ILM)
4. Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones (2002) (animator: ILM)
5. Jurassic Park III (2001) (CG animator)
Carlos Baena Interview at CG-Node
Carlos Baena Interview at 3D Total
Carlos Baena Video Interview at Blender Nation
Carlos Baena's Website
Carlos Baena at the Internet Movie Database
Carlos Baena at New York Times
Animation Mentor Website
In the United States' politics, a brokered convention, closely related to a contested convention, either of which is also sometimes referred to as an open convention, is a situation in which no single candidate has secured a majority of overall delegates (whether those selected by primary elections and caucuses, state conventions, or superdelegates), after the first vote for a political party's presidential candidate at its national nominating convention.
Once the first ballot, or vote, has occurred, and no candidate has a majority of the delegates' votes, the convention is then considered brokered; thereafter, the nomination is decided through a process of alternating political horse trading—(super) delegate vote trading—and additional re-votes. In this circumstance, all regular delegates (who may have been pledged to a particular candidate according to rules which vary from state to state) are "released" and are able to switch their allegiance to a different candidate before the next round of balloting. It is hoped that this extra privilege extended to the delegates will result in a re-vote yielding a clear majority of delegates for one candidate.
The term "brokered" implies a strong role for political bosses, more common in the past and associated with deals made in proverbial "smoke-filled rooms", while the term "contested" is a more modern term for a convention where no candidate holds a majority but the role of party leaders is weaker in determining the eventual outcome.
For the Democratic Party, unpledged delegate votes, also called "Superdelegate votes" are counted on the first ballot. Although some use the term "brokered convention" to refer to a convention where the outcome is decided by Superdelegate votes rather than pledged delegates alone, this is not the original sense of the term, nor has it been a commonly used definition of a "contested convention."
Under the Democratic National Convention rules, "A majority vote of the Convention's delegates shall be required to nominate the presidential candidate" and "Balloting will continue until a nominee is selected". The role of the superdelegates was established in-part to limit such conflicts and multi-rounds of voting on the convention floor, and instead allow the candidates to woo these delegates before the convention.
The rules are subject to change every election cycle and is determined by the Republican National Convention prior to the convention date. An example of this is Rule 40b of the RNC which was in effect in 2012, but has not been adopted for the 2016 convention in Cleveland. Under this rule, a candidate must have the support of a majority of the delegates of at least eight states in order to get the nomination. Rule 40e then states that if no candidate has received the majority of votes, "the chairman of the convention shall direct the roll of the states be called again and shall repeat the calling of the roll until a candidate shall have received a majority of the votes."
Before the era of presidential primary elections, political party conventions were routinely brokered. The Democratic Party required two-thirds of delegates to choose a candidate, starting with the first Democratic National Convention in 1832, and then at every convention from 1844 until 1936. This made it far more likely to have a brokered convention, particularly when two strong factions existed.
The most infamous example was at the 1924 Democratic National Convention (the "Klanbake"), where the divisions between Wets and Drys on Prohibition (and other issues) led to 102 ballots of deadlock between frontrunners Alfred E. Smith and William G. McAdoo before dark horse John W. Davis was chosen as a compromise candidate on the 103rd ballot. Adlai Stevenson (of the 1952 Democratic Party) and Dwight Eisenhower (of the 1952 Republican Party) were the most recent "brokered convention" presidential nominees, of their respective parties. Eisenhower had 595 delegates out of 1206 in the first roll call. However, the convention did not record that as official even though it was an actual vote.
Since 1952, there have been several years when brokered conventions were projected but did not come to pass:
The Democratic Party's 1968 convention might have been brokered if Robert F. Kennedy had not been assassinated. He had won four of the primaries including California, which was not enough delegates were then selected by primaries to determine the presidential nominee. President Lyndon B. Johnson, who had decided against running for a third term, still controlled most of the party machinery and used it in support of Vice President Hubert Humphrey, who did not contest the primaries, although two surragates won their home states. If Kennedy had lived, the convention likely would have been divided between his and Humphrey's supporters.
The 1968 Republican National Convention featured former Vice President Richard Nixon as the clear delegate leader, but with New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller among others trying to prevent him gaining a majority. During the early days of the convention Rockefeller supporters claimed there was "erosion" among Nixon delegates. If there was, it was minor, and Nixon went on to win a first-ballot nomination.
In the 1972 Democratic National Convention delegate leader George McGovern was not assured of victory until a procedural move to reject some of his California delegates was averted on the first day of the convention.
In 1976, the Republican primaries gave President Gerald Ford a slight lead in both popular vote and delegates before the Republican National Convention, but he did not have enough delegates to secure the nomination. A brokered convention was predicted but Ford managed to receive the necessary support on the first ballot to edge Ronald Reagan. That is the last time a Republican presidential convention opened without the nominee having been decided in the primaries.
In 1980, Senator Ted Kennedy, challenging incumbent President Jimmy Carter for the Democratic nomination, fell short in the primaries, but he was still urging delegates to switch over to him when he arrived at the Democratic convention in August. However, Carter won handily on the first ballot, and Kennedy dropped out of the running a few hours later.
In 1984, as a result of the Democratic primaries, former Vice President Walter Mondale was the clear frontrunner but remained 40 delegates short of securing the nomination. His nomination had to be formalized at the convention, being the last time that any presidential convention opened without the nominee having been decided in the primaries. However, a convention fight was unlikely, as rival Gary Hart was lobbying for the vice presidential nomination and was resigned to the likely possibility that Mondale would receive the presidential nomination. Mondale indeed received the overwhelming support of superdelegates on the first ballot to become the Democratic presidential candidate.
In 1988, a brokered convention was predicted for the Democrats. There was no clear frontrunner since Gary Hart had withdrawn. Also, Paul Simon, Richard Gephardt,Michael Dukakis, Al Gore, and Jesse Jackson had each won primaries. Dukakis was named the frontrunner by the media, as he drew support from all sections of the nation while other candidates' support was largely limited to their native regions, and he maintained the momentum and secured the nomination in the next round of primaries.
For the 2008 election there had been speculation that the Democratic Party's national convention might be brokered, or at least that the convention might commence without a presumptive nominee. For the Democrats a brokered convention was considered possible, as it was unclear for a time whether either of the two frontrunners, Senator Barack Obama and Senator Hillary Clinton, would be able to win a majority of pledged delegates before the convention. The only other candidate to win delegates was John Edwards, who withdrew after the first month of the contests. Although Edwards won less than 0.5% of the delegates, the race between Obama and Clinton was narrow. If neither candidate had a majority of delegates by the time the primaries finished on June 3, the candidates might have had to seek support from the undecided remainder of the superdelegates in order to secure a majority at the convention. Nancy Pelosi, the chair of the Democratic National Convention, had argued that the superdelegates should not overrule the results of the primaries. In the last week of the primaries, Howard Dean, the chair of the Democratic National Committee, called for the undecided remainder of the superdelegates to commit to either remaining presidential candidate. His intention was to ensure that the nomination would be decided once the last primaries concluded on June 3. In the end, a brokered convention did not transpire, as by June 3 Obama had enough pledged delegates and supportive superdelegates to secure a majority at the convention.
There was also speculation that the 2008 Republican primaries would result in a brokered convention, due to the number of strong candidates and their different geographic bases. The number of "winner take all" states benefits candidates with strong regional support. In addition, the weakened power of President Bush to force candidates out of the race results in fewer levels of influence for them. At one point it was thought likely that five early contests would be won by five different candidates (Huckabee in Iowa, McCain in New Hampshire, Romney in Nevada, Thompson in South Carolina, Giuliani in Florida). However, McCain won South Carolina and Florida in addition to New Hampshire and would remain dominant for the rest of the primary season. Thus a contested convention did not come close to happening.
In the 2016 Republican primaries, there was considerable speculation, with presidential candidate Donald Trump's opponents in his own party, that a contested convention might take place. On March 16, 2016, Former Speaker of the House, John Boehner, said that in the case of a brokered convention he would support the current Speaker of the House, Paul Ryan, for the nomination, despite the fact that Ryan is not a presidential candidate. Boehner's remarks sparked controversy, by implying that the Republican Party is not necessarily obliged to select a candidate participating in the primary election process. Donald Trump's significant victory in the Indiana primary on May 3, 2016, which saw the remaining candidates Cruz & Kasich suspend their campaigns shortly thereafter, has diminished the prospect of a brokered convention in 2016.
Several factors encourage a clear and timely decision in the primary process.
First, candidates tend to get momentum as they go through the process because of the bandwagon effect. Thus, one or two candidates will be portrayed by the media to voters as the front runners as a result of their placement in the first primaries and caucuses, and as also-ran candidates drop out, their supporters will tend to vote for the leaders. Theorists have identified two types of political momentum, piecemeal and all-at-once, with different impacts on front-runners and those right behind them.
Secondly, political parties wish to avoid the negative publicity from a brokered convention and to maximize the amount of time the nominee has to campaign for the presidency.
Especially because of the desire to foster party unity in the months leading up to Election Day, it is considered possible if not probable that any "brokering" that may be required for a future presidential convention will take place in the weeks and months leading up to the convention, once it becomes clear that no candidate will likely secure a majority of delegates without an agreement with one or more rivals. Such an agreement would likely commit the frontrunner to make some form of concession(s) in return, such as selecting the former rival as his/her vice presidential nominee. That was the case prior to the 1980 Republican National Convention. California Governor Ronald Reagan won the presidential nomination and chose George H. W. Bush as his vice presidential nominee despite former President Gerald Ford being the frontrunner for the slot.
Much of the plot of season 4, of the US series House of Cards, centers around an open convention run by the DNC for the 2016 vice presidential nominations.
The last two episodes of season 6 of the US series The West Wing centers on the Democratic Party's nomination process as three candidates vie for the nomination: Vice President Bob Russell, former Vice President John Hoynes, and Representative Matt Santos, all the while Governor Eric Baker was attempting to get nominated from the floor during the chaos after the first ballot doesn't produce a nominee.
Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016
2016 Democratic National Convention
Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016
2016 Republican National Convention
Wizadora is a children's television programme broadcast on ITV in the United Kingdom from 5 January 1993 to 3 February 1998. However, it was first used as a language teaching tool for children to learn the English language, by Oxford University Press in 1991. The series was created by Don Arioli and Carolyne Cullum.
It starred Cathy Lawday in the 1991 series and then Wendy van der Plank as 'Wizadora' in the ITV series between 1993 and 1996. From 1997, Lizzie McPhee took over the role, as Wendy was away. Wendy came back for the last set of episodes from 3 February 1998 up to the end of the show's run. The show was produced by North Pole Productions and Meridian Broadcasting. The episodes all took place in or around Wizadora's cottage. Wizadora, a trainee wizard, is always trying to solve problems using magic.
One episode of Wizadora was broadcast on CITV on Saturday, 5 January 2013 (the show's 20th anniversary) as part of a CITV anniversary special. This was the first time the show has been broadcast in the UK since it was shown on Living TV in the early 2000s.
A pilot show starred Fawlty Towers writer and actress Connie Booth, who had been alerted to the character by John Cleese who had taken an interest in the production. The pilot was never broadcast.
Wizadora - the title character, a trainee wizard who receives her magic wand in the pilot episode, but she initially has problems with getting her spells right. Some of the things in Wizadora's kitchen are able to talk due to stray spells. Wizadora often breaks the fourth wall and talks to the viewers, and usually asks for their help when casting her spells. Wizadora's catchphrases include, "Oh, botheration!" and "Time for a bit of wizification".
Wizadora's companions included –
Tatty Bogle – a dim-witted scarecrow who lives in Wizadora's back garden and continully gets words muddled up. Played by Joe Greco (1993–1994) and Steven Ryde (1995–1998)
Stan the Shopkeeper, who regularly takes delivery of new magical catalogue items, played by Brian Murphy
Pippa the Postwoman, played by Tessa Hatts
Top/Sticky/Bottom – three talking drawer people. Once described as "a real nuisance" by Wizadora, they are very naughty, usually teasing Hangle, and are always attempting to steal food or getting up to some kind of mischief whenever Wizadora's back is turned. Wizadora usually zaps them back into their drawers with her wand.
Phoebe – a talking telephone. Early in the series, Phoebe was pink with a yellow headset, but later on, she's orange while her headset turns red. Phoebe answers calls, takes messages, and speaks lots of different languages.
Filbert – a squeaking vegetable and a fellow trainee wizard. He is also regularly seen gardening. He loves to water the plants. He also talks in gibberish and English.
Dog Doormat – a barking doormat
Hangle – a purple coat hanger (but who insists on calling himself a cloak hanger) with a yellow rain coat, glasses and a purple moustache, with a crude sense of humour.
Very Old Fish – a cryptic talking male fish
Poot – Wizadora's computer
Nigel the Snail
The Crows – Two crows which cause mayhem for Tatty Bogle in the garden
Roxy – a quite friendly talking spider
Dusty – A creature who lives under the fridge, he has a very loud operatic voice and is usually sleeping.
Puppeteers Phil Eason, Francis Wright, Michael Bayliss, Sue Dacre, Don Austen, Brian Herring, Neil Sterenberg, Rebecca Nagan, Debbie Cumming, and Sheila Clark worked on the series.
The series was made for Meridian Broadcasting by production companies Workhouse and North Pole Productions at The Fountain Studios in New Malden and directed by David Crozier. The theme music was composed by Dave Hutton who was also the Senior Cameraman on the first four series of the show. The theme tune was recorded at Gordon Thrussell's studios at Ashford in Kent and the credits show music by 'Hutt and Thrust'. This was because the director, David Crozier, did not want the same name for two different credits on the programme (i.e.: Snr Cameraman and Music). The other cameramen were Roger Backhouse and Angus Macmillan and sometimes Steve Leach. The vision mixer was Julie Miller.
Jill Golick wrote several episodes.
The second actor to play Tatty Bogle, Steven Ryde, was the voice-over announcer between programmes for the CITV service during the same period.
The programme ran for seven series. The very first episode, The Magic Parcel, was broadcast on Tuesday 5 January 1993, and the final episode was shown some time on 3 February 1998.
The Magic Parcel (5 January 1993)
Time For Tidying (12 January 1993)
Hello Filbert (19 January 1993)
A Colourful Day (26 January 1993)
Lovely Weather (2 February 1993)
Picnic Problems (9 February 1993)
The Purple Powder (16 February 1993)
Wellingtons & Snails (23 February 1993)
Tea Troubles (2 March 1993)
Mops & Bicycles (9 March 1993)
Hangle In Charge (16 March 1993)
A Very Special Day (23 March 1993)
Episode 113 (30 March 1993)
Episode 114 (6 April 1993)
Episode 115 (13 April 1993)
Episode 116 (20 April 1993)
Episode 117 (27 April 1993)
Episode 118 (4 May 1993)
Poot Saves The Day - 4 September 1993
A Change for Filbert - 5 September 1993
Somethings Old, Somethings New - 6 September 1993
Five Carrot Pie - 7 September 1993
The Number Spell - 9 September 1993
"She's So Wizadorable" - 14 September 1993
Music Band - 16 September 1993
Lemonade, Ginger Beer and Rhubarb - 21 September 1993
Tea Troubles - 23 September 1993
Round and Round the Garden - 28 September 1993
A Super Wand - 30 September 1993
Thignbury Jig - 5 October 1993
Soft Strong Brittle and Weak - 12 October 1993
Cheers and Tears - 14 October 1993
The Squeaking Door - 2 November 1993
Magical Music - 4 November 1993
Episode 217 - 9 November 1993
Episode 218 - 11 November 1993
Episode 219 - 16 December 1993
Episode 220 - 18 November 1993
Episode 221 - 23 November 1993
Episode 222 - 25 November 1993
Episode 223 - 30 November 1993
Episode 224 - 2 December 1993
Episode 225 - 7 December 1993
Episode 226 - 9 December 1993
Episode 227 - 14 December 1993
Episode 228 - 16 December 1993
Episode 229 - 21 December 1993
Christmas Day - 23 December 1993
1. A Message from Max - 6 September 1994
2. Pips and Plants - 8 September 1994
3. Sneezeberries - 13 September 1994
4. Too Big, Too Small - 15 September 1994
5. Bubble Trouble - 20 September 1994
6. A Sing Song For Stan - 22 September 1994
7. Sixies and Nines - 27 September 1994
8. All Together Now - 29 September 1994
9. I Smell a Lie - 4 October 1994
10. Pippa's Surprise - 6 October 1994
11. Cheer Up, Filbert! - 11 October 1994
12. Let's Dance! - 13 October 1994
13. The Shopping List - 18 October 1994
14. Tatty's Tablecloth - 20 October 1994
15. The Tantrum Spell - 25 October 1994
16. The Great Flood - 27 October 1994
17. Buttons and Holes - 1 November 1994
18. The Litter Spell - 3 November 1994
19. Fun With Books - 8 November 1994
20. No Time for Tea Time - 10 November 1994
21. Hard, Soft, Smooth & Rough - 15 November 1994
22. The Grabber - 17 November 1994
23. Pedal Power - 22 November 1994
24. The Mud Monster - 24 November 1994
25. Wool Trouble - 29 November 1994
26. Pots and Spells - 1 December 1994
27. That's What Friends Are For - 6 December 1994
28. A Stuck Sticky - 8 December 1994
29. Use Your Imagination - 13 December 1994
30. Beginnings and Endings - 15 December 1994
1. Beside the Seaside - 5 September 1995
2. Sounds Brilliant - 7 September 1995
3. Bless You! - 12 September 1995
4. You Can Count on Poot - 14 September 1995
5. Follow That Track! - 19 September 1995
6. Here's One We Made Earlier - 21 September 1995
7. Who's Afraid of the Dark? - 26 September 1995
8. Good Winners and Bad Losers - 28 September 1995
9. Communication Break Down - 3 October 1995
10. Snow in July - 5 October 1995
11. Making Pippa Strong - 10 October 1995
12. Glad Rags - 12 October 1995
13. Shape Up - 17 October 1995
14. Tatty's New Boots - 19 October 1995
15. Mirror, Mirror - 24 October 1995
16. Hangle Takes a Trip - 26 October 1995
17. Inside Out - 31 October 1995
18. Stan's the Man - 2 November 1995
19. I Spy With My Little Eye - 7 November 1995
20. Filbert's New House - 9 November 1995
21. Top of the List - 14 November 1995
22. It's a Good Job - 16 November 1995
23. Shadow Monsters - 21 November 1995
24. Boots, Beads and Beards - 23 November 1995
25. Watch Out Below - 28 November 1995
26. Sharing Magic - 30 November 1995
27. Big 'Uns and Little 'Uns - 5 December 1995
28. Sticky Moments - 7 December 1995
29. Too Full - 12 December 1995
30. Making and Breaking - 14 December 1995
31. First Things First - 19 December 1995
32. Fish Alive - 21 December 1995
1. Tatty Town - 5 September 1996
2. Wizadora Plays Football - 7 September 1996
3. Drawer People Behaving Badly - 12 September 1996
4. Aunt Dora's Parcel - 14 September 1996
5. Bottom Gets Lost - 19 September 1996
6. There's No Place like Home - 21 September 1996
7. The Music Spell - 26 September 1996
8. Something Fishy - 28 September 1996
9. Take Care - 3 October 1996
10. Wizadora's Bad Dream - 5 October 1996
11. Sentimental Journey - 10 October 1996
12. I'm in Charge - 12 October 1996
13. What's Yours is Mine - 17 October 1996
14. What about Me? - 19 October 1996
15. Hurry Up! - 24 October 1996
16. Jungle Fever - 26 October 1996
17. Roxy's Web - 31 October 1996
18. What Did You Say? - 2 November 1996
19. Old Habits Die Hard - 7 November 1996
20. A Moving Story - 9 November 1996
21. Safety Last - 14 November 1996
22. Stan's Difficult Day - 16 November 1996
23. Bending the Rules - 21 November 1996
24. The Crows - 23 November 1996
25. You Are What You Are - 28 November 1996
26. A Rainy Day - 30 November 1996
27. Hangle's Big Day - 5 December 1996
28. Bubble Trouble - 7 December 1996
29. Knit Twits - 12 December 1996
30. The Jealous Queen - 17 December 1996
Wizadora Gives Up - 7 January 1997
Down Goes Top - 9 January 1997
Things That Go Bump In The Night - 14 January 1997
Stans the Man - 16 January 1997
Episode 605 - 21 January 1997
Episode 606 - 23 January 1997
Episode 607 - 28 January 1997
Episode 608 - 30 January 1997
Episode 609 - 4 February 1997
Episode 610 - 6 February 1997
Episode 611 - 11 February 1997
Episode 612 - 13 February 1997
Episode 613 - 18 February 1997
Episode 614 - 20 February 1997
Episode 615 - 25 February 1997
Episode 616 - 27 February 1997
Episode 617 - 4 March 1997
Episode 618 - 6 March 1997
Episode 619 - 11 March 1997
Episode 620 - 13 March 1997
Episode 621 - 18 March 1997
Episode 622 - 20 March 1997
Episode 623 - 25 March 1997
Episode 624 - 27 March 1997
The Useful Spell - 1 April 1997
Episode 626 - 8 April 1997
Episode 627 - 15 April 1997
Episode 628 - 22 April 1997
Episode 629 - 29 April 1997
Episode 630 - 6 May 1997
Episode 631 - 13 May 1997
The Jumble Sale - 20 May 1997
Arty Party - 7 October 1997
Episode 702 - 9 October 1997
Who is important? - 14 October 1997
Episode 704 - 16 October 1997
No Doughnuts For Breakfast - 21 October 1997
Episode 706 - 23 October 1997
Doughnuts For Supper 28 October 1997
Episode 708 - 30 October 1997
Episode 709 - 4 November 1997
Episode 710 - 6 November 1997
No More Miss Nice Wiz - 11 November 1997
Episode 711 - 13 November 1997
Wizadora Disappears - 18 November 1997
Episode 713 - 20 November 1997
Episode 714 - 25 November 1997
Good Manners - 27 November 1997
What About Me - 2 December 1997
Episode 717 - 4 December 1997
Episode 718 - 9 December 1997
Episode 719 - 11 December 1997
Wizadora's Christmas Carol Part 1–16 December 1997
Wizadora's Christmas Carol Part 2–18 December 1997
Sentimental Journey - 23 December 1997
Episode 723 - 25 December 1997
Episode 724 - 6 January 1998
Episode 725 - 8 January 1998
Episode 726 - 13 January 1998
Episode 727 - 15 January 1998
Episode 728 - 20 January 1998
Episode 729 - 22 January 1998
Episode 730 - 27 January 1998
Episode 731 - 30 January 1998
Goodbye Wizadora - 3 February 1998
The earliest version of the show has been on DVD (oxford press). However, this is not the ITV version, and is instead an educational package.
Some VHS cassettes were released in the mid-1990s with episodes from series one and series three are on The Video Collection International.
1. Wizadora – The Magic Parcel (22 February 1993) Includes: The Magic Parcel, Time For Tidying, and Hello Filbert.
2. Wizadora – A Colourful Day (12 July 1993) Includes: A Colourful Day, Lovely Weather and Picnic Problems.
3. Wizadora – Wellingtons and Snails (11 July 1994) Wellingtons and Snails, The Purple Powder and Tea Time Troubles.
4. Wizadora – Mops and Bicycles (13 August 1993) Mops and Bicycles, Hangle In Charge and A Very Special Day.
5. My Little Wizadora – The Magic Parcel/Time For Tidying (1993)
6. My Little Wizadora – Hello Filbert/A Colourful Day (1993)
7. My Little Wizadora – Lovely Weather / Picnic Problems (1993)
8. My Little Wizadora – Mops and Bicycles/Hangle In Charge (1993)
9. Wizadora - A Message from Max (18 December 1994) Includes: A Message of Max, And More
10. Wizadora – Sneezeberries (9 January 1995) Sneezeberries and 5 other stories
11. Wizadora - Too Big, Too Small (18 August 1995) Too Big, Too Small and 4 other stories
One DVD was released by The Nutter Clutter Productions. A Message from Max. The video release to DVD.
Running time Series 1: 15 minutes, Series 2 onwards 9 minutes.
Series 1: 18 editions from 5 January 1993 – 4 May 1993
Series 2: 30 editions from 2 September 1993 – 23 December 1993
Series 3: 30 editions from 6 September 1994 – 6 December 1994
Series 4: 32 editions from 5 September 1995 – 21 December 1995
Series 5: 30 editions from 5 September 1996 – 17 December 1996
Series 6: 32 editions from 7 January 1997 – 20 May 1997
Series 7: 32 editions from 2 October 1997 – 3 February 1998
Wizadora on German TV
Wizadora at the Internet Movie Database
Wizadora at TV.com
Hedrick is a city in Keokuk County, Iowa, United States. The population was 764 at the 2010 census.
Hedrick was incorporated on April 23, 1883. It was named for General Hedrick.
Hedrick is located at 41°10′25″N 92°18′30″W (41.173733, -92.308294).
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 1.53 square miles (3.96 km 2 ), all of it land.
As of the census of 2010, there were 764 people, 310 households, and 211 families residing in the city. The population density was 499.3 inhabitants per square mile (192.8/km 2 ). There were 356 housing units at an average density of 232.7 per square mile (89.8/km 2 ). The racial makeup of the city was 98.3% White, 1.2% African American, and 0.5% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.4% of the population.
There were 310 households of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.3% were married couples living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.9% were non-families. 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals and 15.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.98.
The median age in the city was 37.7 years. 24.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 10% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.3% were from 25 to 44; 24.9% were from 45 to 64; and 16.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.3% male and 51.7% female.
As of the census of 2000, there were 832 people, 335 households, and 233 families residing in the city. The population density was 543.1 people per square mile (209.8/km²). There were 371 housing units at an average density of 240.7 per square mile (93.0/km²). The racial makeup of the city was 98.92% White, 0.12% Native American, 0.12% from other races, and 0.84% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.84% of the population.
There were 335 households out of which 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.4% were married couples living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.4% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals and 17.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.04.
In the city the population was spread out with 27.7% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 92.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.0 males.
The median income for a household in the city was $30,714, and the median income for a family was $37,917. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $20,476 for females. The per capita income for the city was $14,166. About 9.0% of families and 13.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.4% of those under age 18 and 10.8% of those age 65 or over.
Few businesses are open in the old historic business district; most businesses open to the public are located along Highway 149.
Hedrick is notable for its well-preserved brick Main Street and its depot.
Hedrick schools were forced in 1990 to close due to not meeting state requirements to be a certified school in the state of Iowa, making them the first school in the state to have this happen to them. Russell Schools have also been closed by the state for the same issue.
Hedrick, Iowa
City-Data.com
The term perioperative medicine describes the medical care of patients from the time of contemplation of surgery through the operative period to full recovery, but excludes the operation or procedure itself. Perioperative care may be provided by an anesthesiologist, Intensivist, an internal medicine generalist or hospitalist working with surgical colleagues.
Perioperative medicine encompasses the care of the patient preparing for, having and recuperating from surgery. In the practice of perioperative medicine the surgeon, anesthesiologist, intensivist and medical consultant work in concert. The medical knowledge distinct to this field includes that of operative risk and complications, of patient specific risks, of methods to reduce risk, and of the management of medical illness during this time period. Evidence supporting best practices in perioperative medicine is expanding, though historically this field has been directed by common practice and experience. It remains a field governed primarily by the art of medicine.
Notably, in the last decade, there has been a concerted effort by various anesthesia representative bodies to incorporate greater teaching into management of patients during the perioperative period. Specifically, an annual summit has been held in the US, and various courses exist to encourage this field of medicine.
Pre-anesthesia checkup
Perioperative Medicine Short Course
Perioperative Medicine Summit
Perioperative Interactive Education (PIE) - online learning resource
PartsBase is a US-based online marketplace that operates a business-to-business online parts locator service for the aviation, aerospace and defense industries. PartsBase, Inc. is headquartered in Boca Raton, FL. PartsBase is a privately held company with 150 employees. In 2015, PartsBase grew to 7,500 member companies with 30,000 end users utilizing services in 159 countries. PartsBase was publicly traded on the NASDAQ. The company is A+ accredited by the Better Business Bureau.
PartsBase, Inc. was founded in 1996 in Houston, Texas. PartsBase, Inc. was known as Partsbase.Com, Inc, and changed its name to PartsBase, Inc. in July 2001. In 2002, PartsBase, Inc. went private, and has remained a private company ever since. In 2008, Lockheed Martin partnered with PartsBase and renewed its membership to the database each subsequent year. The PartsBase community includes other major corporations such as Boeing, Airbus, United Airlines, AAR Corp, and the Lufthansa Group.
PartsBase was developed with the goal to provide the most comprehensive aviation marketplace and community for the aviation, aerospace and defense industries. In 2000, the company had 2,500 suppliers, containing over 23 million line items. As of 2015, PartsBase was recognized for being on pace to acquire over $1 billion in direct quotes. As of 2015, the marketplace was recognized for 125 small to medium-sized companies that received over $5 million each in quotes. Some large corporations announced membership to the PartsBase marketplace, including: Boeing, Airbus, United Airlines, AAR, and the Lufthansa Group.
PartsBase.com lists 114 million line items, 91% customer retention, and receives over 2 million pageviews each month. The aviation marketplace processes over 600,000 electronic Requests for Quote, or RFQs, per month. Over 26,000 part searches occur each day. The PartsBase parts database is an aviation network resource that provides listings for (but not limited to) aircraft parts, helicopter parts, Airbus parts, Boeing parts, Cessna parts, Piper parts, Beechcraft parts, Embraer parts, and other important parts needed for aviation and aircraft repair. PartsBase has amassed a membership of 7,500 companies, and receives over 2 million pageviews each month. PartsBase also offers Listing, Search, Advertising and SEM services. In 2015, PartsBase grew to a community of 7,500 companies with 30,000 end users utilizing services in 159 countries.
In 2015, PartsBase released a new feature called Quick Quote. QuickQuote is an email-based system that sends information on RFQs to customers. The system monitors the database and alerts companies when it receives specific information on RFQs. Customers can attach files such as traceability, certifications, and pictures, potentially shortening the bidding process.
PartsBase Official Website
The following lists events that happened in 2011 in Iceland.
President – Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson
Prime Minister – Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir
Icelandic loan guarantees referendum, 2011
The Wellcome Institute for the History of Medicine (1968–1999) was a London centre for the study and teaching of medical history. It consisted of the Wellcome Library and an Academic Unit. The former was and is a world-class library collection owned and managed by the Wellcome Trust and staffed by librarians including academic librarians who held honorary lectureships at University College London. The Academic Unit was a group of university staff appointed at University College London that conducted a program of university teaching, thesis supervision, seminars, conferences and publications.
1913-1936 Sir Henry S. Wellcome, LLD, DSc, FRS (Founder and Director)
1913-1925 C.J.S. Thompson, MBE (Curator)
1925-1934 L.W.G. Malcolm, MSc, PhD, FRSE (Conservator)
1934-1947 PJ. Johnston-Saint, MA, FRSE (Conservator)
1941-1945 S.H. Daukes, OBE, MD
1946-1964 E.A. Underwood, MD, FRCP
1964-1973 F.N.L. Poynter, BA, PhD, Hon MD, FLA
1973-1979 E. Clarke, MD, FRCP
1980-1981 Prof. A.R. Hall, MA, LittD, FBA (Chairman)
1981-1983 P.O. Williams, MB, FRCP
1983-1987 Prof. Sir William Paton, CBE, DM, FRCP, FRS
1900-1913 C.J.S. Thompson
1913-1918 T.W. Huck, FLA
1919-1921 C.C. Barnard, MLA
1921-1925 W.R.B. Prideaux, BA, FLA
1925-1931 C.R. Hewitt, FLA
1932-1946 S.A.J. Moorat, MA, DipLib
1946-1953 W.J. Bishop, FLA
1954-1964 F.N.L. Poynter, BA, PhD, Hon MD, FLA
1964-1973 E. Gaskell, BA, ALA
1973-1996 E.J. Freeman, BA, ALA
1996–2004 David Pearson
In 1999 the Wellcome Institute for the History of Medicine was terminated, and in its place two new organisations were created: The Wellcome Library and the Wellcome Trust Centre for the History of Medicine at UCL. The following persons succeeded David Pearson as Librarians of the Wellcome Library.
2004--2009 Frances Norton
2010-2014 Simon Chaplin
2015- Robert Kiley (acting)
William Bynum MA MD PhD MRCP (Head) Allen MA PhD (Life Sciences)
Janet Browne MA PhD (Life Sciences)
Lawrence Conrad PhD (Islamic Medicine)
Christopher Lawrence MB ChB PhD (Clinical Medicine)
Michael Neve MA PhD (Human Biology)
Vivian Nutton MA PhD (Classical Medicine)
Roy Porter MA PhD (Social History of Medicine)
Elizabeth (Tilli) Tansey BSc PhD (Modern Medical Science)
Andrew Wear BA MSc PhD (Early Modern Medicine)
Works by or about Wellcome Institute for the History of Medicine at Internet Archive
Booklet on the Wellcome Institute, 1983.
Wellcome Trust Publications.
The Wellcome Institute for the History of Medicine: A Brief Description (1992).
Ambohinamboarina is a town and commune in Madagascar. It belongs to the district of Ambohimahasoa, which is a part of Haute Matsiatra Region. The population of the commune was estimated to be approximately 12,000 in 2001 commune census.
Only primary schooling is available. The majority 95% of the population of the commune are farmers. The most important crop is rice, while other important products are peanuts and sugarcane. Services provide employment for 5% of the population.
Big Guns is a 1987 a gay pornographic film produced by the Laguna Pacific studio and distributed by Catalina Video.
The cast included Mike Henson, Kevin Williams, Chad Douglas, Chris Gray, Jeff Boote, Jeff Quinn, John Davenport, John Rocklin, Kevin Wiles, and Mike Ryan.
The film was re-released on DVD in 2007 as "Big Guns: 20th Anniversary Edition" and was remastered, color corrected and restored with its original ending cut from the original feature film. The 20th anniversary version runs 122 minutes.
A sequel, "Hot Rods: The Young and the Hung Part 2," was shot consurrently and released the following year. "Big Guns" ends with a cliff-hanger scene that plays out as the first scene in "Hot Rods." (Although "Hot Hods" is subtitled "The Young and the Hung Part 2" it is not a sequel to the 1985 WIlliam Higgins film "The Young and the Hung" starring Brian Estevez, Christopher Lance, Francois Papillon, Grant Fagan, J.T. Denver, Jim Erickson, Ken Kerns, Michael Gere, Terry Evans, Tex Anthony and Troy Ramsey). The unofficial sequel "Big Guns 2" was made in 1998.
1987 X-Rated Critics Organization winner of Best Film.
2002 Grabby Awards winner of Best Classic.
2005 GayVN Awards winner of Best Classic Gay Film.
Big Guns at the Internet Movie Database
Gay Erotic Video Index listing for Big Guns
Arizona Financial Text System (AZFinText) is a quantitative textual financial prediction system written by Robert P. Schumaker of Central Connecticut State University and Hsinchun Chen of the University of Arizona. This system differs from other quants because it uses financial text as one of its key means of predicting stock price movement. This reduces the information lag-time problem evident in many similar systems where new information must be transcribed (e.g., such as losing a costly court battle or having a product recall), before the quant can react appropriately. AZFinText overcomes these limitations by utilizing the terms used in financial news articles to predict future stock prices twenty minutes after the news article has been released. It is believed that certain article terms can move stocks more than others. Terms such as factory exploded or workers strike will have a depressing effect on stock prices whereas terms such as earnings rose will tend to increase stock prices. When a human trading expert sees certain terms, they will react in a somewhat predictable fashion. AZFinText capitalizes on the arbitrage opportunities that exist when investment experts over and under-react to certain news stories. By analyzing breaking financial news articles and focusing on specific parts of speech, portfolio selection, term weighting and even article sentiment, the AZFinText system becomes a powerful tool and is a radically different way of looking at stock market prediction.
The foundation of AZFinText can be found in the ACM TOIS article. Within this paper, the authors tested several different prediction models and linguistic textual representations. From this work, it was found that using the article terms and the price of the stock at the time the article was released was the most effective model and using proper nouns was the most effective textual representation technique. Combining the two, AZFinText netted a 2.84% trading return over the five-week study period.
AZFinText was then extended to study what combination of peer organizations help to best train the system. Using the premise that IBM has more in common with Microsoft than GM, AZFinText studied the effect of varying peer-based training sets. To do this, AZFinText trained on the various levels of GICS and evaluated the results. It was found that sector-based training was most effective, netting an 8.50% trading return, outperforming Jim Cramer, Jim Jubak and DayTraders.com during the study period. AZFinText was also compared against the top 10 quantitative systems and outperformed 6 of them.
A third study investigated the role of portfolio building in a textual financial prediction system. From this study, Momentum and Contrarian stock portfolios were created and tested. Using the premise that past winning stocks will continue to win and past losing stocks will continue to lose, AZFinText netted a 20.79% return during the study period. It was also noted that traders were generally overreacting to news events, creating the opportunity of abnormal returns.
A fourth study looked into using author sentiment as an added predictive variable. Using the premise that an author can unwittingly influence market trades simply by the terms they use, AZFinText was tested using tone and polarity features. It was found that Contrarian activity was occurring within the market, where articles of a positive tone would decrease in price and articles of a negative tone would increase in price.
A further study investigated what article verbs have the most influence on stock price movement. From this work, it was found that planted, announcing, front, smaller and crude had the highest positive impact on stock price.
AZFinText has been the topic of discussion by numerous media outlets. Some of the more notable ones include the Wall Street Journal, Slashdot, MIT's Technology Review, Motley Fool, Crossing Wall Street, WBIR in Knoxville, TN and Motherboard TV.
http://blogs.wsj.com/digits/2010/06/21/using-artificial-intelligence-to-digest-financial-news/
slashdot.org/story/10/06/12/1341212/Quant-AI-Picks-Stocks-Better-Than-Humans
www.technologyreview.com/blog/guest/25308/
Australian Mathematical Society Medal recognises distinguished mathematical sciences research by members of the Australian Mathematical Society. Eligibility for the medal include the requirements that the Society member must be under the age of 40 years, and that a significant portion of the research was carried out in Australia. The Medal was first presented in 1981. It is awarded at the opening session of the Society's Annual Meeting.
Source: Australian Mathematical Society
List of prizes, medals and awards
List of prizes named after people
Official site, listing of past recipients
Valerii Kryshen (Ukrainian: Валерій Павлович Кришень) (b. 1955) is a Ukrainian scientist, doctor of medicine and professor of general surgery.
Kryshen was born on 11 September 1955 in Dnipropetrovsk, Ukraine, to a medical family. He completed his medical degree in 1978 and began working in the surgical unit in Dnipropetrovsk city hospital. He chairs the general surgery department at Dnipropetrovsk State Medical Academy.
Kryshen authored near the 400 scientific papers, research articles, manuals, monographs, state patents and inventions, ministerial instructions and branch directions. He supervised doctoral students and participated in thesis defense reviews. He was a certified member of the European Society of Surgery (ESS). He provided relevant commentary on the ESS website. He was on the faculty of Ukrainian and European Surgical Congresses and was a member of the scientific international committee at 8th World Gastric Cancer Congress.
Kryshen is forming a new scientific school, exposing young surgeons to clinical practice and research. He presided over and was a member of the government examination graduating and postgraduating commission and committee of experts in connection with medical, scientific and educational licence certification of research institutions and higher educational establishments in Ukraine.He administered and supervised 7 magistrate,6 candidate and 1 doctorate scientific degree theses.
His professional interests include surgical diseases and abdominal trauma treatment along with new aspects of elective and urgent surgery.Professor V.Kryshen included in Bristol Who`s who Registry in Medical Practice and High Education heading. Kryshen Valerii is listed by Swiss international collection of Hubner's in biographic encyclopedia of successful Ukrainian "Who is who in Ukraine",published in Germany and included in Encyclopedia of Modern Ukraine,printed in Kyiv.
Kryshen is a member of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine.
He was awarded several medals: Merited Inventor of USSR, Silver and Bronze Participant of Achievement Government Exhibition of USSR and UkSSR.
Дніпропетровська державна медична академія:історія,події,особистості/до 95-річного ювілею/. Dnipropetrovsk state medical academy:to 95-th anniversary.Kharkiv,2011,p. 97
Who is who in Ukraine /in Ukrainian / Kyiv,1997.
Кришень Валерій Павлович /in Ukrainian/ www.uk.m.wikipedia.org
^ Encyclopedia Modern Ukraine,Kyiv,2014,vol.15
Bandla Ganesh Babu is an Indian film actor and producer in Telugu cinema. In 2009, he ventured into film production with the film, Anjaneyulu under his production company, Parameswara Art Productions.
CineMAA Awards
CineMAA Award for Best Film - Gabbar Singh (2013)
Silandhi (Tamil)
Anandhapurathu Veedu (Tamil)
E (Tamil)
Sivakasi (Tamil)
Mozhi
Autograph (Tamil)
Arjun (Telugu)
Shivamani (Telugu)
Amma Nanna O Tamila Ammayi (Telugu)
NTR Nagar (Telugu)
Suswagatham (Telugu)
Vinodham (Telugu)
Dookudu (Telugu)
Businessman (film) (Telugu)
Andhrawala (Telugu)
Maa annayya (Telugu )
Chinthakayala Ravi ( Telugu )
Bandla Ganesh on Twitter
Photoconductive atomic force microscopy (PC-AFM) is a variant of atomic force microscopy that measures photoconductivity in addition to surface forces.
Multi-layer photovoltaic cells have gained popularity since mid 1980s. At the time, research was primarily focused on single-layer photovoltaic (PV) devices between two electrodes, in which PV properties rely heavily on the nature of the electrodes. In addition, single layer PV devices notoriously have a poor fill factor. This property is largely attributed to resistance that is characteristic of the organic layer. The fundamentals of pc-AFM are modifications to traditional AFM and focus on the use of pc-AFM in PV characterization. In pc-AFM the major modifications include: a second illumination laser, an inverted microscope and a neutral density filter. These components assist in the precise alignment of the illumination laser and the AFM tip within the sample. Such modifications must complement the existing principals and instrumental modules of pc-AFM so as to minimize the effect of mechanical noise and other interferences on the cantilever and sample.
The original exploration of the PV effect can be accredited to research published by Henri Becquerel in 1839. Becquerel noticed the generation of a photocurrent after illumination when he submerged platinum electrodes within an aqueous solution of either silver chloride or silver bromide. In the early 20th century, Pochettino and Volmer studied the first organic compound, anthracene, in which photoconductivity was observed. Anthracene was heavily studied due to its known crystal structure and its commercial availability in high-purity single anthracene crystals. The studies of photoconductive properties of organic dyes such as methylene blue were initiated only in the early 1960s owing to the discovery of the PV effect in these dyes. In further studies, it was determined that important biological molecules such as chlorophylls, carotenes, other porphyrins as well as structurally similar phthalocyanines also exhibited the PV effect. Although many different blends have been researched, the market is dominated by inorganic solar cells which are slightly more expensive than organic based solar cells. The commonly used inorganic based solar cells include crystalline, polycrystalline, and amorphous substrates such as silicon, gallium selenide, gallium arsenide, copper indium gallium selenide and cadmium telluride.
With the high demand of cheap, clean energy sources persistently increasing, organic photovoltaic (OPV) devices (organic solar cells), have been studied extensively to help in reducing the dependence on fossil fuel and containing the emission of green house gases (especially CO 2 , NO x , and SO x ). This global demand for solar energy increased 54% in 2010, while the United States alone has installed more than 2.3 GW of solar energy sources in 2010. Some of the attributes which make OPVs such a promising candidate to solve this problem include their low-cost of production, throughput, ruggedness, and their chemically tunable electric properties along with significant reduction in the production of greenhouse gases. For decades, the researchers have believed that the maximum power conversion efficiency (PCE) would most likely remain below 0.1%. Only in 1979 Tang reported a two-layer, thin-film PV device, which ultimately yielded a power conversion efficiency of 1%. Tang’s research was published in 1986, which allowed others to decipher many of the problems which limited the basic understanding of the process involved in the OPVs. In later years, the majority of the research focused on the composite blend of poly(3-hexylthiopehene) (P3HT) and phenyl-C61-butyric acid methyl ester (PCBM). This, along with the research performed on fullerenes, dictated the majority of studies pertaining to OPV for many years. In more recent research, polymer-based bulk heterojunction solar cells, along with low band-gap donor-acceptor copolymers have been created for PCBM-based OPV devices. These low band-gap donor-acceptor copolymers are able to absorb a higher percentage of the solar spectrum as compared to other high efficiency polymers. These copolymers have been widely researched due to their ability to be tuned for specific optical and electrical properties. To date, the best OPV devices have a maximum power conversion efficiency of approximately 8.13%. This low power conversion efficiency is directly related to discrepancies in the film morphology on the nano-scale level. Explanations of film morphology include recombination and/or trapping of charges, low open circuit voltages, heterogeneous interfaces, grain boundaries, and phase-separated domains. Many of these problems arise from the deficient knowledge of electro-optical properties on the nano-scale level. In numerous studies, it has been observed that heterogeneities in the electrical and optical properties influence device performance. These heterogeneities which occur in OPVs are a result the manufacturing process, such as annealing time, which is explained below. Research has mainly consisted of discovering exactly how this film morphology affects the device performance.
Until recently, microscopy methods used in the characterization of these OPVs consisted of atomic force microscopy (AFM), transmission electron microscopy (TEM) and scanning transmission X-ray microscopy (STXM). These methods are very useful in the identification of the local morphology on the film surface, but lack the ability to provide fundamental information regarding local photocurrent generation and ultimately on the device performance. To obtain information which links the electrical and optical properties, the use of electrical scanning probe microscopy (SPM) is an active area of research. Electrostatic force microscopy (EFM) and scanning Kelvin probe microscopy (SKPM) have been utilized in the studies of electron injection and charge trapping effects, while scanning tunneling microscopy (STM) and conductive atomic force microscopy (c-AFM) have been used to investigate electron transport properties within these organic semiconductors. Conductive AFM has been widely used in characterizing the local electric properties in both photovoltaic fullerene blends and organic films, but no reports have shown the use of c-AFM to display the distribution of photocurrents in organic thin films. The most recent variation of SPM devices include (tr-EFM) and photoconductive AFM (pc-AFM) . Both these techniques are capable of obtaining information regarding photo-induced charging rates with nano-scale resolution. The advantage of pc-AFM over tr-ERM is present in the maximum obtainable resolution by each method. pc-AFM can map photocurrent distributions with approximately 20 nm resolution, whereas tr-EFM was only able to obtain between 50–100 nm resolution at this time. Another important factor to note is although the tr-EFM is capable of characterizing thin films within organic solar cells, it is unable to provide the needed information regarding the capacitance gradient nor the surface potential of the thin film.
The origin of PC-AFM is due to the work performed by Gerd Binnig and Heinrich Rohrer on STM for which they were awarded the Nobel Prize in physics in 1986. They fabricated an instrument called scanning tunneling microscope (STM) and demonstrated that STM provides surface topography on the atomic scale. This microscopy technique yielded resolutions which were nearly equal to scanning electron microscopy (SEM).
The fundamental principles of photoconductive atomic force microscopy (pc-AFM) are based on those of traditional atomic force microscopy (AFM) in that an ultrafine metallic tip scans the surface of a material to quantify topological features. The working premises for all types of AFM techniques are largely dependent on the fundamentals of the AFM cantilever, metallic tip, scanning piezo-tube and the feedback loop that transfers information from lasers that guide the motion of the probe across the surface of a sample. The ultra-fine dimensions of the tip and the way the tip scans the surface produces lateral resolutions of 500 nm or less. In AFM, the cantilever and tip functions as a mass on a spring. When a force acts on the spring (cantilever), the spring response is directly related to the magnitude of the force. k is defined as the force constant of the cantilever.
Hooke's law for cantilever motion:
The forces acting on the tip are such that the spring (cantilever) remains soft but responds to the applied force, with a detectable resonant frequency, f o . In Hooke's law, k is the spring constant of the cantilever and m o  is defined as the mass acting on the cantilever: the mass of the cantilever itself and the mass of the tip. The relationship between f o  and the spring constant is such that k must be very small in order to make the spring soft. Since k and m o  are in a ratio, the value of m o  must also decrease to increase the value of the ratio. Manipulating the values in this way provides the necessary high resonance frequency. A typical m o  value has a magnitude of 10 −10  kg and creates an f o  of approximately 2 kHz.
Expression for resonant frequency of a spring:
Several forces affect the behavior of the cantilever: attractive and repulsive Van der Waals forces, and electrostatic repulsion. Changes in these forces are monitored by a guide laser that is reflected off the back of the cantilever and detected by a photodetector. Attractive forces between the atoms on the sample surface and the atom at the AFM tip draw the cantilever tip closer to the surface. When the cantilever tip and the sample surface come within a range of a few angstroms repulsive forces come into play as a result of electrostatic interactions. There is also a force exerted from the cantilever pressing down on the tip. The magnitude of the force exerted by the cantilever is dependent upon the direction of its motion, whether it is attracted or repelled from the sample surface When the tip of the cantilever and the surface come into contact, the single atom at the point of the tip and the atoms on the surface exhibit a Lennard-Jones potential. The atoms exhibit attractive forces until a certain point and then experience repulsion from one another. The term r o  is the separation at which the sum of the potentials between the two atoms is zero 
Force on AFM tip in terms of Lennard-Jones potential:
Modifications of this early work have been implemented to perform AFM analysis on both conducting and non-conducting materials. Conductive atomic force microscopy (c-AFM) is one such modification technique. The c-AFM technique operates by measuring fluctuations in current from the biased tip and sample while simultaneously measuring changes in the topographical features. In all techniques of AFM, two modes of operation can be used: contact mode and non-contact mode. In c-AFM resonant contact mode is used to obtain topographical from current that is measured between the biased AFM tip and the sample surface. In this type of operation, the current is measured in the small space between the tip and the sample surface. This quantification is based on the relationship between the current traveling through the sample and layer thickness. In the previous equation, A eff  is the effective emission area at the injecting electrode, q is the electron charge, h is planck’s constant, m eff  / m 0  =0.5, which is the effective mass of an electron in the conduction band of a sample, d is the sample thickness and Φ is the barrier height. The symbol, β, the field enhancement factor, accounts for the non-planar, geometry of the tip used.
Relationship between conducting current and sample layer thickness:
The accuracies of all AFM techniques rely heavily on a sample scanning tube, the piezo-tube. The piezo-tube scanner is responsible for the direction of tip displacement during a sample analysis, and is dependent on the mode of analysis. The piezo components are either arranged orthogonally or manufactured as a cylinder. In all techniques, sample topography is measured by the movement of the x and y piezos. When performing non-contact mode pc-AFM, the piezo-tube keeps the probe from moving in the x and y direction and measures the photocurrent between the sample surface and conducting tip in the z-direction.
The principles of the piezo-tube is dependent upon how the piezo-electric material reacts with an applied voltage to either the interior or exterior of the tube. When voltage is applied to the two electrodes connected to the scanner, the tube will expand or contract causing motion to the AFM tip in the direction of this movement. This phenomenon is illustrated as the piezo-tube becomes displaced by an angle, θ. As the tube is displaced, the sample that, in traditional AFM is fixed to the tube generates lateral translation and rotation relative to the AFM tip, thus movement of the tip is generated in the x and y directions When voltage is applied of the inside of the tube, movement in the z-direction is implemented. The relationship between the movement of the piezo-tube and the direction of the displacement of the AFM tip assumes that the tube is perfectly symmetric. When no voltage is applied to the tube the z-axis bisects the tube, sample and sample stage symmetrically. When a voltage is applied to the exterior of the tube (x and y motion), the expansion of the tube can be understood as a circular arc. In this equation, the r term indicates the outside radius of the piezo-tube, R is the curvature radius of the tube with applied voltage, θ is the bend angle of the tube, L is the initial length of the tube and ΔL is the extension of the tube after the voltage is applied. The change in length of the piezo-tube, ΔL, is expressed as the intensity of the electric field applied to the exterior of the tube, the voltage along the x-axis, U x , and the thickness of the wall of the tube.
Expressions for bend geometry of piezo-tube:
Length displacement in terms of exterior electric field:
Expression for tube displacement, θ:
With the calculation of θ, the displacement of the probe in the x and z directions can be calculated as:
Expressions for probe displacement in the x- and z-directions:
Another fundamental concept of all AFM is the feedback loop. The feedback loop is particularly important in non-contact AFM techniques, particularly in pc-AFM. As previously mentioned, in non-contact mode the cantilever is stationary and the tip does not come into physical contact with the sample surface. The cantilever behaves as a spring and oscillates at its resonance frequency. Topological variance causes the spring-like oscillations of the cantilever to change amplitude and phase in order to prevent the tip from colliding with sample topographies. The non-contact feedback loop is used to control that changes in the oscillations of the cantilever. The application of AFM on non-conducting samples (c-AFM) has in recent years evolved into the modification used for analysis of morphologies on the local scale, particularly morphologies at heterojunctions of multilayered samples. Photoconductive atomic force microscopy (pc-AFM) is particularly prevalent in the development of organic photovoltaic devices (OPV). The fundamental modification of c-AFM to pc-AFM is the addition of an illumination source and an inverted microscope that focuses the laser to a nanometer-scale point directly underneath the conductive AFM tip. The main concept of the illumination laser point is that it must be small enough to fit within the confines of ultra-thin films. These characteristics are achieved by using a monochromatic light source and a laser filter. In the OPV application, applying the illumination laser to the confines of ultra-thin films is further assisted by the recent development of the bulk heterojunction (BHJ) mixture of electron donating and accepting material in the film. The combination of the conductive tip and illumination laser provides photocurrent images with vertical resolutions in the range of 0 to 10 pA when overlaid with the topographical data obtained. Also unique to this modification are the spectra data gathered by comparing the current between the tip and sample to a variety of parameters including: laser wavelength, applied voltage and light intensity. The pc-AFM technique was also reported to detect local surface oxidation at a vertical resolution of 80 nm.
The instrumentation involved for pc-AFM is very similar to that necessary for traditional AFM or the modified conductive AFM. The main difference between pc-AFM and other types of AFM instruments is the illumination source that is focused through the inverted microscope objective and the neutral density filter that is positioned adjacent to the illumination source. The technical parameters of pc-AFM are identical to those of traditional AFM techniques. This section will focus on the instrumentation necessary for AFM and then detail the requirements for pc-AFM modification. The main instrumental components to all AFM techniques are the conductive AFM cantilever and tip, the modified piezo components and the sample substrate. The components for photoconductive modification include: the illumination source (532 nm laser), filter and inverted microscope. When modifying traditional AFM for pc application, all components must be combined such that they do not interfere with one another and so that various sources of noise and mechanical interference do not disrupt the optical components.
In traditional instrumentation, the stage is a cylindrical piezo-tube scanner that minimizes the effect of mechanical noise. Most cylindrical piezos are between 12 and 24 mm in length and 6 and 12 mm in diameter. The exterior of the piezo-tube is coated with a thin layer of conducting metal so that this region can sustain an electric field. The interior of the cylinder is divided into four regions (x and y regions) by non-conducting metallic strips. Electrical leads are fixed to one end and the exterior wall of the cylinder so that a current can be applied. When a voltage is applied to the exterior, the cylinder expands in x and y direction. Voltage along the interior of the tube causes cylinder expansion in the z-direction and thus movement of the tip in the z-direction. The placement of the piezo tube is dependent upon the type of AFM performed and the mode of analysis. However the z-piezo must always be fixed above the tip and cantilever to control the z-motion. This configuration is most often seen in the c-AFM and pc-AFM modifications to make room for additional instrumental components which are placed below the scanning stage. This is particularly true for pc-AFM, which must have the piezo-components arranged above the cantilever and tip so that the illumination laser can transmit through the sample.
with applied voltage
In some configurations, the piezo components can be arranged in a tripod design. In this type of set-up, the x, y and z components are arranged orthogonally to one another with their apex attached to a movable pivot point. Similar to the cylindrical piezo, in the tripod design the voltage is applied to the piezo corresponding to the appropriate direction of tip displacement. In this type of set-up the sample and substrate are mounted on top of the z-piezo component. When the x and y piezo components are in use, the orthogonal design causes them to push against the base of the z-piezo, causing the z-piezo to rotate about a fixed point. Applying voltage to the z-piezo causes the tube to move up and down on its pivot point.
The other essential components of AFM instrumentation include the AFM tip module, which includes: the AFM tip, the cantilever, and the guiding laser. When the piezo-tube is positioned above the cantilever and tip, the guiding laser is focused through the tube and onto a mirror that rests on tip of the cantilever. The guiding laser is reflected off of the mirror and detected by a photodetector. The laser senses when the forces acting on the tip change. The reflected laser beam from this phenomenon reaches the detector. The output from this detector acts as a response to the changes in force and the cantilever adjusts the position of the tip, while keeping constant the force that acts on the tip.
The instrumentation of conductive AFM (c-AFM) has evolved with the desire to measure local electrical properties of materials with high resolutions. The essential components are: the piezo-tube, the guide laser, the conducting tip, and cantilever. Although these components are identical to traditional AFM their configuration is tailored to measuring surface currents on the local scale. As mentioned previously, the piezo-tube can be placed either above or below the sample, depending on the application of the instrumentation. In the case of c-AFM, repulsive contact mode is the predominantly used to obtain electric current images from the surface as the sample moves in the x and y direction. Placing the z-piezo above the cantilever allows for better control of the cantilever and tip during analysis. The material that comprises the conductive tip and cantilever can be customized for a particular application. Metal-coated cantilevers, gold wires, all-metal cantilevers and diamond cantilevers are used. In many cases diamond is the preferred material for cantilever and/or tip because it is an extremely hard material that does not oxidize in ambient conditions. The main difference between the instrumentation of c-AFM and STM is that in c-AFM the bias voltage can be directly applied to the nanostructure (tip and substrate). In STM, on the other hand, the applied voltage must be supported within the vacuum tunneling gap between the STM probe and surface. When the tip is in close contact with the sample surface the application of bias voltage to the tip creates a vacuum gap between the tip and the sample that enables the investigation of electron transport through nanostructures.
The main components and instrumentation of c-AFM instrumentation are identical to that required for a pc-AFM module. The only modifications are the illumination source, filter and inverted microscope objective that are located beneath the sample substrate. In fact, most pc-AFM instruments are simply modified from existing cp-AFM instrumentation. The first report of this instrumental modification came in 2008. In that paper, Lee and coworkers implemented the aforementioned modifications to examine the resolution of photocurrent imaging. Their design consisted of three main units: a conductive mirror plate, steering mirror and laser source. The main difficulty with the previously existing c-AFM instrumentation is the inability of the technique for characterizing photonic devices. Specifically, it is difficult to measure changes in local and nano-scale electrical properties that result from the photonic effect. The optical illumination component (laser) was added to the c-AFM module in order to make such properties visible. Early in development, the main concerns regarding pc-AFM include: physical configuration, laser disturbance and laser alignment. Although many of these concerns have been resolved pc-AFM modules are still widely modified from c-AFM and traditional AFM instruments.
The first main concern deals with component configuration and whether or not there is physically enough space for modification in the cramped c-AFM module. The component configuration must be such the addition of the laser illumination component does not cause disturbance to other units. Interaction between the illumination laser and the guiding laser was also a concern. First attempts to address these two issues was to place a prism between the sample tip and the surface such that the prism would allow the illumination laser to reflect at the interface between the prism and the laser and thus be focused to a localized spot on the sample surface. However, lack of space for the prism and the production of multiple light reflections when introducing a prism required a different concept for configuration.
The module constructed by Lee et al. implemented a tilted mirror plate that was positioned underneath the sample substrate. This conductive mirror was tilted at 45° and successfully reflected the illuminating laser to a focused spot directly underneath the conductive tip. The steering mirror was employed as a means of controlling the trajectory of the laser source, with this addition the position of the reflected beam on the sample could be easily adjusted for placement underneath the AFM tip. The illumination laser source was a diode-pumped solid-state laser system that produced a wavelength of 532 nm and a spot of 1 mm in the sample.
The addition of the mirror and laser underneath the sample substrate results in a higher scanning level due to raising the sample substrate. This configuration has no effect on any other instrument component and does not affect AFM performance. This result was confirmed by identical topographical images that were taken with and without the placement of the mirror and laser. This particular set-up required the separation of the x, y and z piezo-scanners The separation of piezo-tubes accounts for the elimination of x-z cross-coupling and scanning-size errors, which is common in traditional AFM.
In addition there was no evidence of laser interferences between the guiding laser and the irradiation laser. The guiding laser, at a wavelength of 650 nm, hits the mirror on the back of the conducting cantilever from vertical trajectory and is reflected away from the cantilever towards the position sensitive photodetector (PSPD). The illumination beam, on the other hand, travels from underneath the sample platform and is reflected into position by the reflecting mirror. The angle of the mirror plate ensures that the beam does not extend past the sample surface.
The conductive AFM tip was easily aligned over the reflected illumination beam. The laser spot in the sample was reported to be 1mm in size and can be found using the AFM recording device. A convenience of this technique is that laser alignment is only necessary for imaging in the z-direction because the photocurrents are mapped in this direction. Therefore, normal AFM/c-AFM can be implemented for analysis in the x and y directions. The instrumental module proposed by Lee et al. produced spot sizes from the illumination laser of 1 mm in thicknesses. Recent applications have altered Lee’s design in order to decrease spot size while simultaneously increasing the intensity of this laser. Recent instrumentation has replaced the angled mirror with an inverted microscope and a neutral density filter. In this device the x and y piezos, illumination laser and inverted microscopy are confined underneath the sample substrate, while the z-piezo remains above the conductive cantilever. In the applications of Ginger et al. a neutral-density filter is added to increase laser attenuation and the precision of laser alignment is enhanced by the addition of the inverted microscope.
One of the most common pc-AFM setups incorporates a light source, which emits in the visible spectrum along with an indium tin oxide (ITO) semi-conductive layer (used as the bottom cathode). The use of a gold plated silicon AFM probe is often used as the top anode in pc-AFM studies. This electrode which carries relatively small current within it, is able to generate nano-scale holes within the sample material to which the two electrodes are able to detect the relatively small change in conductance due to the flow from the top electrode to the bottom electrode. The combination of these elements produced laser intensities in the range of 10 to 108 W/m 2  and decreased the size of the laser spot to sub-micrometer dimensions making this technique useful for the application of nm thin OPV films.
Although there is significant insight as to how OPVs work, it is still difficult to relate the device’s functionality to local film structures. This difficulty may be attributed to the minimal current generation at a given point within OPVs. Through pc-AFM, OPV devices can be probed at nano-scale level and can help to increase our fundamental knowledge of mechanisms involved in OPVs at nano-scale level. pc-AFM is capable of gathering information such as the mapping of photocurrents, differences in film morphology, determination of donor-acceptor domains, current density-voltage plots, quantum efficiencies, and approximate charge carrier mobilities. One of the other notable characteristics of pc-AFM is its ability to provide concurrent information regarding the topological and photocurrent properties of the device at nano-scale. Using this concurrent sampling method, the sample handling is minimized and can provide more accurate results. In a study by Pingree et al., pc-AFM was used to measure how spatial deviations in the photocurrent generation developed with different processing techniques. The authors were able to compare these photocurrent variations to the duration of the annealing process. They have concluded that lengthening the annealing time allows for improved nano-scale phase separation as well as created a more ordered device. Actual times for the annealing process vary depending on the properties of the polymers used. The authors have shown that external quantum efficiency (EQE) and power conversion efficiency (PCE) levels reach a maximum at certain annealing times whereas while the electron and hole mobility’s do not show the corresponding trends. Therefore, while lengthening the annealing time can increase the photocurrents within the OPV, there is a practical limit to after which the benefits may not be substantial.
In more recent studies, pc-AFM has been employed to gather information regarding the photoactive regions from the use of quantum dots. Because if their relative ease of use, along with size-tunable excitation attributes, quantum dots have commonly been applied as sensitizers in optoelectronic devices. The authors have studied the photoresponse of sub-surface foundations such as buried indium arsenide (InAs) quantum dots through the implementation of pc-AFM. Through the use of pc-AFM, information regarding quantum dot size, as well as the dispersion of quantum dots within the device, can be recorded in a non-destructive manner. This information can then be used to display local variances in photoactivity relating to heterogeneities within the film morphology.
Sample preparation of the OPV is of the utmost importance when performing pc-AFM studies. The sampling substrate is recommended to be conductive, as well as transparent, to the light source which is irradiated upon it. Numerous studies have used ITO-coated glass as their conductive substrate. Because of high cost of ITO, however, there have been attempts to utilize other semiconducting layers, such as zinc oxide (ZnO) and carbon nanotubes as an alternative to ITO. Although these semiconductors are relatively inexpensive, high quality ITO layers are still being used extensively for PV applications. Poly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene) poly(styrenesulfonate), more commonly known as PEDOT:PSS, is a transparent, polymeric conductive layer which is usually placed between the ITO and the active OPV layer. The PEDOT:PSS is a conductive polymer is stable over various applied charges. In most studies, PEDOT:PSS is spin-coated onto the ITO-coated glass substrates directly after plasma cleaning of the ITO. Plasma cleaning, as well as halo-acid etching, have been shown to improve the surface uniformity and conductivity of the substrate. This PEDOT:PSS layer is then annealed to the ITO prior to spin-coating the OPV layer onto the substrate. Studies by Pingree et al. have shown the direct correlation between annealing time and both peak and average photocurrent generation. Once this OPV film is spin-coated onto the substrate, it is then annealed at temperatures between 70 and 170 °C, for periods up to an hour depending on the procedure as well as OPV being used.
A recently developed OPV system based on tetrabenzoporphryin (BP) and either [6,6]-phenyl-C 61 -butyric acid methyl ester (PCBM) is explained in detail as follows. In this study, the precursor to BP (1,4:8,11:15,18:22,25-tetraethano-29H,31H-tetrabenzo[b,g,l,q]porphyrin (CP) solution is applied as the starting film, and was thermally annealed which caused the CP to convert into BP. The BP:fullerene layer serves as the undoped layer within the device. For surface measurements, the undoped layer is rinsed with a few drops of chloroform and spin-dried until the BP network is exposed at the donor/acceptor interface. For bulk heterojunction characterization, an additional fullerene solution is spin-coated onto the undoped layer, a thin layer of lithium fluoride is then deposited followed by either an aluminum or gold cathode which is thermally annealed to the device. The thin layer of lithium fluoride is deposited to help prevent the oxidation of the device. Controlling the thickness of these layers plays a significant role in the generation of the efficiency of the PV cells. Typically, the thickness of the active layers is usually smaller than 100 nm to produce photocurrents. This dependence on layer thickness is due to the probability that an electron is able to travel distances on the order of exciton diffusion length within the applied electric field. It should be noted that many of the organic semiconductors used in the PV devices are sensitive to water and oxygen. This is due to the likelihood of photo-oxidation which can occur when exposed to these conditions. While the top metal contact can prevent some of this, many studies are either performed in an inert atmosphere such as nitrogen, or under ultra-high vacuum (UHV).
Once the sample preparation is complete, the sample is placed onto the scanning stage of the pc-AFM module. This scanning stage is used for x-y piezo translation, completely independent of the z-direction while using a z-piezo scanner. The piezo-electric material within this scanner converts a change in the applied potential into mechanical motion which moves the samples with nanometer resolution and accuracy. There are two variations in which the z-piezo scanner functions; one is contact mode while the other is tapping mode.
Many commercial AFM cantilever tips have pre-measured resonant frequencies and force constants which are provided to the customer. As sampling proceeds, the cantilever tip’s position changes, which causes the scanning laser wavelength (650 nm) to deviate from its original position on the detector. The z-piezo scanner then recognizes this deviation and moves vertically to return the laser spot to its set position. This vertical movement by the z-piezo scanner is correlated to a change in voltage. Sampling in contact mode relies upon intermolecular forces between the tip and surface as depicted by Van der Waals force. As the sampling begins, the tip is moved close to the sample which creates a weakly attractive force between them. Another force which is often present in contact mode is capillary force due to hydration on the sample surface. This force is due to the ability of the water to contact the tip, thus creating an undesirable attractive force. Capillary force, along with several other sources of tip contamination, are key factors in the decreased resolution observed while sampling
There are considerations which need to be taken into account when determining which mode is optimal for sampling for a given application. It has been shown that sampling in contact mode with very soft samples can damage the sample and render it useless for further studies. Sampling in non-contact mode is less destructive to the sample, but the tip is more likely to drift out of contact with the surface and thus it may not record data. Drifting of the tip is also seen due to piezo hysteresis, which causes displacement due to molecular friction and polarization effects due to the applied electric field. It is important to note the correlation between resolution and curvature of tip radius. Early STM tips used by Binning and Rohrer were fairly large, anywhere between some hundred nm to 1 µm in radius. In more recent work, the tip radius of curvature was mentioned as 10–40 nm. By reducing the radius of curvature of the tip, it allows for the enhanced detection of deviations within the OPVs surface morphology. Tips often need to be replaced due to tip rounding, which leads to a decrease in the resolution. Tip rounding occurs due to the loss of outermost atoms present at the apex of the tip which can be a result of excessive force applied or character of the sample.
Because of the extremely small radius of the AFM tip, the illumination source is allowed to be focused tighter, thus increasing its efficiency. Typical arrangements for pc-AFM contain a low powered, 532 nm laser (2–5 mW) whose beam is reflected off mirrors located beneath the scanning stage. Through the use of a charge-coupled device (CCD), the tip can easily be positioned directly over the laser spot. Xenon arc lamps have also been widely used as illumination sources, but are atypical in recent work. In a study by Coffey et al., lasers of two different wavelengths (532 nm and 405 nm) are irradiated onto the same sample area. With this work, they have shown images with identical contrast which proves that the photocurrent variations are less related to spatial absorbance variation.
Most sampling procedures often begin by obtaining the dark current images of the sample. Dark current is referred to as the photocurrent generation created by the OPV in the absence of an illumination source. The cantilever and tip are simply rastered across the sample while topographic and current measurements are obtained. This data can then be used as a reference to determine the impact the illumination process exhibits on the OPV. Short circuit measurements are also commonly performed on the OPV devices. This consists of engaging the illumination source at open current (that is applied potential to the sample is zero). Nguyen and workers noted that a positive photocurrent reading correlated to the conduction of holes, while a negative reading correlated to the conduction of electrons. This alone allowed the authors to make predictions regarding the morphology within the cell. The current density for the forward and reverse bias can calculated as follows:
Current density equation:
where J is the current density, ε o  is the permittivity of a vacuum, ε r  is the relative permeability of the medium, µ is the mobility of the medium, V is the applied bias and L is the film thickness in nanometers. The majority of the organic materials have relative permeability values of ~3 in their amorphous and crystalline states.
The range of bias commonly applied is usually limited to between −5 V to +5 V for most studies. This can be achieved by applying a forward bias or reverse bias to the sample through the spotted gold contact. By adjusting this bias, along with the current passing through the cantilever, one can adjust the repulsive/attractive forces between the sample and the tip. When a reverse bias is applied (tip is negative relative to the sample), the tip and the sample experience attractive forces between them. This current density measurement is then combined with the topographical information previously gathered from the AFM tip and cantilever. The resulting image displays the local variations in morphology with the current density measurements superimposed onto of them.
Several methods have been employed to help reduce both mechanical and acoustic vibrations within the system. Mechanical vibrations are mainly attributed to traffic in and out of a building Other sources of mechanical vibrations have often been seen in the higher stories of a building due to reduced damping from building supports. This source of vibrational noise is easily controlled through the use of a vibration isolation table. Acoustical vibrations are far more common than mechanical vibrations. This type of vibration is a result of air movement near the instrument such as fans or human voices. Several methods have been developed to help reduce this source of vibration. An easy solution for this is separating the electronic components from the stage. The reason for this separation of components is due to the cooling fans within the electrical devices. While operating, the fans lead to a constant source of vibrational noise within the system. In most cases, other methods still need to be employed to help reduce this source of noise. For instance, the instrument can be placed within a sealed box constructed of acoustic dampening material. Smaller stages also result in less surface area for acoustic vibrations to collide with, thus reducing the noise recorded. A more in depth solution consists of removing all sharp edges on the instrument. These sharp edges can excite resonances within the piezo-electric materials which increase the acoustic noise within the system.
Scanning tunneling microscope
The Sicilian term fuitina (literally: "little escape"; plural: "fuitine") refers to a practice that used to be common in Sicily and other areas of Southern Italy, whereby a young couple would elope in order to get married against the wishes of their families. The intent is that the prolonged absence of the fugitive couple would let their families presume that sexual intercourse had occurred and thus force them to consent to a so-called "rehabilitating wedding" ("matrimonio riparatore" in Italian). Such elopements still occur today, but the practice is becoming less common because of changing social and cultural conditions. While elopements of young couples are reported to be widespread in places such as Palermo (over 300 have been reported to occur each year), most of them only bear a surface relationship with traditional fuitine, as they are not necessarily aimed at a rehabilitating marriage.
In principle, the term "fuitina" refers only to the consensual elopement of a couple, but the practice also lends itself to be appealed to in order to camouflage actual kidnapping, and possibly rape, of the bride-to-be. A prominent example is the 1966 trial for rape where the lawyer of the kidnapper and raper of Franca Viola maintained that the woman had actually consented to a fuitina. The trial had a wide resonance in Italy, as Franca Viola refused the "rehabilitating" marriage. The trial contributed to spread the awareness that because of the existing social ties (and specifically, the widespread notion that a woman who lost her virginity was not "worthy" to be married), women who suffered rape were often pressed to marry their rapists (especially, but not exclusively, if they got pregnant), or they would lose their honour and be marginalized by the society.
The Italian Code of Criminal Procedure (art. 537) prosecutes the (consensual) fuitina if the bride-to-be is a minor, equating it to the kidnapping of a consenting minor.
Bride kidnapping
Franca Viola
Elopement
Dryptinae is a subfamily of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following genera:
Acrogenys Macleay, 1864
Agastus Schmidt-Goebel, 1846
Ancystroglossus Chaudoir, 1862
Atongolium Park & Will, 2008
Chaudoirella Mateu, 1982
Coarazuphium Gnaspini et al., 1998
Colasidia Basilewsky, 1954
Desera Dejean, 1825
Dicrodontus Chaudoir, 1872
Drypta Latreille, 1796
Eunostus Castelnau, 1835
Galerita Fabricius, 1801
Gunvorita Landin, 1955
Ildobates Espanol, 1966
Leleupidia Basilewsky, 1951
Metaxidius Chaudoir, 1852
Metazuphium Mateu, 1992
Mischocephalus Chaudoir, 1862
Neodrypta Basilewsky, 1960
Neoleleupidia Basilewsky, 1953
Paraleleupidia Basilewsky, 1951
Parazuphium Jeannel, 1942
Planetes W.S. MacLeay, 1825
Polistichus Bonelli, 1810
Pseudaptinus Castelnau de Laporte, 1834
Speothalpius Moore, 1995
Speozuphium Moore, 1995
Trichognathus Latreille, 1825
Zuphium Latreille, 1806
Roberts Township may refer to the following places in the United States:
Roberts Township, Jefferson County, Arkansas
Roberts Township, Marshall County, Illinois
Roberts Township, Wilkin County, Minnesota
See also
Roberts (disambiguation)
Abalo is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Améleté Abalo (1962–2010), assistant coach
Jean-Paul Abalo (born 1975), Togolese football player
Luc Abalo (born 1984), French handball player
Manuel Jiménez Abalo (born 1956), Spanish football player
Abalos
CSS Jamestown, originally a side-wheel, passenger steamer, was built at New York City in 1853, and seized at Richmond, Virginia in 1861 for the Commonwealth of Virginia Navy. She was commissioned by the Confederate States Navy the following July, and renamed CSS Thomas Jefferson but was generally referred to as Jamestown, after Jamestown, Virginia.
Brigantine-rigged Jamestown was designed and constructed by the well-known shipbuilder William H. Webb for the New York and Old Dominion Line as a sister to Yorktown, which became CSS Patrick Henry.
With Lt. Joseph Nicholson Barney, CSN, in command, she was actively employed until the end of her career in May 1862. Her service was highlighted by the Battle of Hampton Roads on March 8–9 1862, during which she assisted CSS Virginia in attacking USS Congress and USS Cumberland and stood by during the battle between USS Monitor and Virginia. The Confederate Congress tendered special thanks to the officers and crew of Jamestown for their "gallant conduct and bearing" in combat.
Some 4 weeks later, on April 11, 1862, Jamestown, Virginia and five other Confederate ships sailed from Norfolk, Virginia, into Hampton Roads in full view of the Union squadron there. When it became clear that the Federal ships were not going to attack, Jamestown, covered by Virginia and the others, moved in, captured three merchant ships, and helped by CSS Raleigh, towed them to Norfolk. The merchant ships were the brigs Marcus of Stockton, NJ and Sabout of Providence, RI and the schooner Catherine T. Dix of Accomac County, VA. Their flags were hoisted "Union-side down" to taunt the Federals into fighting. Later that month Jamestown was despatched from Norfolk to cooperate with Major General John Bankhead Magruder, CSA, in the James River, and early in May she was used to transport army sick and wounded to Richmond, Virginia.
On the night of May 5, Jamestown and Patrick Henry proceeded to Norfolk and returned the following night with CSS Richmond, CSS Hampton and ordnance store boats, passing the Federal battery at Newport News, Virginia unobserved on both occasions. A second attempt to return to Norfolk met with failure.
On May 8, Jamestown was ordered to notify Stephen Mallory, Secretary of the Confederate States Navy, of the continuing engagement of two Federal gunboats and ironclad USS Galena with the Confederate batteries at Day's Point. Unable to carry out her assignment, Jamestown retired up the James River as far as Drewry's Bluff, where on May 15, 1862, she was sunk to obstruct the channel.
The commanders of the CSS Jamestown were:
Lt. Joseph Nicholson Barney (1861–1862)
Lt. George W. Harrison (May 1862, temporarily)
List of ships of the Confederate States Navy
Steamships
Bibliography of American Civil War naval history
James River Squadron
Union Navy
This article incorporates text from the public domain Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships.
Coski, John M. (1996). Capital Navy: The Men, Ships and Operations of the James River Squadron.
Savas Woodbury Publishers, Campbell, CA:. p. 344. ISBN 9781882810031.  , Book
Heidler, David Stephen (2004). Encyclopedia of the War of 1812.
Naval Institute Press, Annapolis, Md., 2004. p. 636. ISBN 1-59114-362-4.   Book
Thomas Chapin (March 9, 1957 – February 13, 1998) was an American composer and saxophonist/multi-instrumentalist. Though primarily an alto saxophonist, he also played soprano saxophone and various flutes.
Many of his recordings as a leader featured his trio with drummer Michael Sarin and bassist Mario Pavone, occasionally joined by guests.
Chapin studied with Jackie McLean and Paul Jeffrey. He played with Lionel Hampton.
Chapin died of leukemia three weeks before his 41st birthday. He last played two weeks before his death, at a benefit concert.
Alto saxophonist and flautist, Thomas Chapin was born on March 9, 1957 in Manchester, Connecticut. He attended Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts where he studied classical music and jazz. He began his serious studies in the late 1970s, attending the Hartt School of Music at the University of Hartford in Connecticut, studying with saxophonist Jackie MacLean. In 1980 he graduated from Rutgers University where he studied with saxophonist Paul Jeffrey, pianist Kenny Barron and guitarist Ted Dunbar. From 1981 to 1986 he toured with the jazz grand master Lionel Hampton as lead saxophonist and musical director of the band. He also performed with Chico Hamilton’s band from 1988 to 1989. In the late 1980s he formed his own groups, of quartets, quintets, and a group and album devoted to Brazilian music, "Spirits Rebellious" (Alacra), as well as founding Machine Gun, a freefunk-free-jazz-rock band with guitarist/producer/engineer Robert Musso. But most notably, forming what became his signature group, a trio with bassist Mario Pavone and drummers Steve Johns and later, Michael Sarin. For nearly ten years Chapin pursued his own music, working with the Thomas Chapin Trio at festivals and clubs around the world, including a milestone career performance at the Newport Jazz Festival in 1995. He also arranged larger groups (Trio with Brass, "Insomnia" and Trio with Strings, "Haywire"). And he spent a good deal of his time working with the more important names in various factions of jazz. He performed with Ray Drummond, Anthony Braxton, Tom Harrell, Sonny Sharrock, John Zorn, Walter Thompson, Dave Douglas, Marty Ehrlich, Ned Rothenberg and many more. Over his career he recorded more than fifteen albums under his name alone, including "Sky Piece" and "Night Bird Song," the last releases with his trio and several more straight-ahead albums, including with quartet/quintet groups in "I've Got Your Number" and "You Don't Know Me" on Arabesque Records. Thomas Chapin died of leukemia in 1998 at age forty. The New York Times called him “one of the more exuberant saxophonists and bandleaders in jazz” and “one of the few musicians to exist in both the worlds of the 'downtown' experimentalist scene, and mainstream jazz.” He is survived by his wife, Terri Castillo Chapin, whom he married on October 15, 1997 in New York Hospital while being treated. He died four months later.
Thomas Chapin with George Alford/Peter McEachern/Phil Buettner/Nick Makros/Lucian Williams/Mario Pavone/Emmett Spencer/Matt Emerzian : Bell Of The Heart (Alacra 1005; USA) recorded and released 1981 - LP
Thomas Chapin with Ronnie Mathews/Ray Drummond/John Betsch et al. : Radius (MuWorks 1005; USA) recorded 1984, released 1990 - CD, LP, CS
Machine Gun (Robert Musso/Thomas Chapin/John Lunar RIchey/Jair-Rohm Parker Wells/Bil Bryant) + Sonny Sharrock/Karl Berger : Live At CBGB's Vol 1 : June 2, 1987 (MuWorks 37 CR; USA) released 2008 - CD
Thomas Chapin with Francesca Vanasco/Saul Rubin/Thad Wheeler/Geoffrey Gordon : Spirits Rebellious (Alacra 1017; USA) recorded and released 1988 - LP
Motation (Mario Pavone/Michael Musillami/Thomas Chapin/Peter McEachern/George Sovak/Mike Duquette) : Live at the Hillside (Alacra 1014; USA) recorded 1988, released 1989 - LP
Machine Gun + Sonny Sharrock : Machine Gun (Muworks 1001; USA) recorded and released 1988 - CD, LP, CS
Machine Gun + Sonny Sharrock : Live At The Gas Station : December 3rd 1988 (MuWorks 46 CR; USA) released 2008 - CD
Machine Gun + Sonny Sharrock : Open Fire (MuWorks 1003; USA) recorded and released 1989 - CD, LP, CS
Machine Gun : Live From The Court Tavern : February 24th 1990 + December 8th, 1990 (MuWorks DR 03; USA) released 2008 - DVD
Machine Gun + Elliott Sharp : Live From The Court Tavern : September 7th 1991 ..plus Knitting Factory with Elliott Sharp : November 30th, 1988 (MuWorks DR 02; USA) released 2008 - DVD
Thomas Chapin Trio with Mario Pavone/Steve Johns : Third Force (KnitWorks 103; USA) recorded 1900-1991, released 1991 - CD
Machine Gun: Live From The Webo Art Space : September 22nd 1991 (MuWorks DR 01; USA) released 2008 - DVD
Thomas Chapin Trio with Mario Pavone/Steve Johns : Anima (KnitWorks 121 B; USA) recorded 1991, released 1992 - CD
Thomas Chapin & Borah Bergman : Inversions (MuWorks 1009; USA) recorded and released 1992 - CD, CS
Machine Gun : Pass the Ammo (MuWorks 1011; USA) recorded and released 1992 - CD, LP, CS
- - -
William Hooker with Thomas Chapin : Crossing Points (NoBusiness LP 30/31; Lithuania) recorded 1992, released 2011 - 2-LP set
simultaneously released as
William Hooker with Thomas Chapin : Crossing Points (NoBusiness CD 28; Lithuania) recorded 1992, released 2011 - CD
Thomas Chapin Trio with Mario Pavone/Michael Sarin + Brass: Frank London/Curtis Fowlkes/Peter McEachern/Marcus Rojas/Al Bryant : Insomnia (KnitWorks 132; USA) recorded 1992, released 1993 - CD
Thomas Chapin Trio with Mario Pavone/Michael Sarin : Night Bird Song (KnitWorks 240; USA) includes earlier recordings of 3 tunes debuted on Sky Piece; recorded 1992, released 1998 - CD
Thomas Chapin with Ronnie Mathews/Ray Drummond/Steve Johns : I've Got Your Number (Arabesque 110; USA) recorded and released 1993 - CD
Thomas Chapin Trio with Mario Pavone/Michael Sarin + John Zorn/Vernon Frazer : Menagerie Dreams (KnitWorks 167; USA) recorded and released 1994 - CD
Thomas Chapin with Tom Harrell/Peter Madsen/Kiyoto Fujiwara/Reggie Nicholson : You Don't Know Me (Arabesque 115; USA) recorded 1994, released 1995 - CD
Thomas Chapin Trio with Mario Pavone/Michael Sarin : Ride: North Sea Jazz Festival 1995 (Playscape 71595; USA) released 2006 - CD
Thomas Chapin Quartets with Peter Madsen/Kiyoto Fujiwara or Scott Colley/Reggie Nicholson or Matt Wilson : Never Let Me Go: Quartets '95 & '96 (Playscape 111095; USA) Released 2012 - 3-CD set
Avantango (Pablo Aslan/Thomas Chapin/Ethan Iverson) : Y en el 2000 tambien: Tango & Jazz (Epsa 16020; Brazil) recorded 1996 - CD
Peggy Stern/Thomas Chapin Quartet with Drew Gress/Bobby Previte : The Fuchsia (Koch 7837; USA) recorded 1995, released 1997 - CD
Thomas Chapin Trio with Mario Pavone/Michael Sarin + Strings: Mark Feldman/Boris Raskin/Kiyoto Fujiwara : Haywire: Live At The Knitting Factory 1996 (KnitWorks 176; USA) released 1996 - CD
Thomas Chapin Trio with Mario Pavone/Michael Sarin : Sky Piece (KnitWorks 208; USA) recorded 1996, released 1998 - CD
Borah Bergman & Thomas Chapin : Toronto 1997 (Boxholder 033; USA) released 2003 - CD
Thomas Chapin Trio with Mario Pavone/Michael Sarin or Steve Johns et al. : Alive: Third Force/Anima/Insomnia/Menagerie Dreams/Haywire/Sky Piece/Night Bird Song/Live! On Tour: UC Davis 1992 (KnitWorks 248; USA) 8-CD Box Set; released 1999.
Note: Collects all 7 previous Knitting Factory Works releases by Chapin Trio. The eighth disc, "Live! On Tour UC Davis", only appeared in this box set
Corina Bartra with Thomas Chapin/Art Labriola/Santi Debriano/Steve Berrios/Fred Berrihill : Travel Log (Blue Spiral 81962; USA) recorded circa 1988, released 1991 - CD
Michael Blake with David Tronzo/Thomas Chapin/Steven Bernstein/Tony Scherr et al. : Kingdom Of Champa (Intuition 3189; Germany) recorded 1996, released 1997 - CD
Anthony Braxton/Mario Pavone Quintet with Thomas Chapin/Dave Douglas/Pheeroan akLaff : Seven Standards 1995 (KnitWorks 168; USA) recorded and released 1995 - CD
John Carter with Bobby Bradford/Marty Ehrlich/Don Preston/Fred Hopkins/Andrew Cyrille/Thomas Chapin/Frank London et al. : Shadows On A Wall: Roots & Folklore V (Gramavision 79422; USA) recorded and released 1989 - CD, LP
Armen Donelian with Thomas Chapin/Calvin Hill/Jeff Williams : Quartet Language: Live At Visiones 1992 (Playscape 50292; USA) released 2003 - CD
Ray Drummond with John Scofield/Thomas Chapin/Randy Brecker/Kenny Barron/Steve Nelson/Marvin 'Smitty' Smith/Mor Thiam : Continuum (Arabesque 111; USA) recorded and released 1994 - CD
Vernon Frazer with Thomas Chapin/Mario Pavone/Joe Fonda : Sex Queen of the Berlin Turnpike (Woodcrest; USA) released 1986? - LP
Vernon Frazer with Thomas Chapin : Song Of Baobab (VFCI 01; USA) released 1997 - CD
Kiyoto Fujiwara with Thomas Chapin/Kenny Garrett/Peter Madsen et al. : 60 Miles High (TDK; Japan) released 1993 - CD
Lionel Hampton & His Orchestra with Thomas Chapin/Alan Simon : Sentimental Journey (Atlantic; USA) released 1986 - CD
Lionel Hampton & His Orchestra with Thomas Chapin : One Of A Kind (Glad Hamp; USA) released 1989 - CD
Lionel Hampton & His Orchestra with Thomas Chapin : Ambassador At Large (Glad Hamp 1024; USA) recorded at Aurex Festival 1981, released 1990 - CD
Lionel Hampton & His Orchestra with Thomas Chapin : Made In Japan (Glad Hamp 1023; USA) released 1990 - CD
Lionel Hampton Big Band with Thomas Chapin : Air Mail Special (1991) (ITM 920002; Germany) released 1991 - CD
Lionel Hampton Big Band with Paul Jeffrey/Thomas Chapin : The Lionel Hampton Big Band (West Wind 2404; Germany) recorded 1983 - CD
Andy Jaffe with Bill Lowe/John Clark/Thomas Chapin/Peter McEachern/MIchael Marcus et al. : An Imperfect Storm: The Large Ensemble Compositions Of Andy Jaffe (MMC 2132; USA) Chapin only on the six cuts by Bill Lowe-Andy Jaffe Repertory Big Band; recorded 1991-2002, released 2004 - CD
reissued as..
Andy Jaffe: An Imperfect Storm: The Large Ensemble Compositions Of Andy Jaffe (Big Round 8907; USA) released 2010 - CD
Misako Kano Quartet with Thomas Chapin/Kiyoto Fujiwara/Matt Wilson : Watch Out (KnitWorks 219; USA) recorded 1996; released 1998 - CD
Misako Kano Quartet with Thomas Chapin/Ron McLure/Jeff Williams : Breakthrew (Jazz Focus 27; Canada) recorded 1996; released 1998 - CD
David Lahm Quartet with Thomas Chapin : The Muscle Memory Hoedown (Generation 203; USA) recorded 1990, released 1992 - CD
David Lahm with Randy Brecker/Thomas Chapin/Mark Feldman/Skuli Sverrisson et al. : Jazz Takes On Joni Mitchell (Arkadia 71011; USA) recorded 1993-1995, released 1998 - CD
Frank London with Thomas Chapin/Matt Dariau/David Fiuczynski et al. : Scientist at Work (self released; USA) released 1999 -CD
later revised with additional players (John Zorn, Mark Feldman, Jamie Saft, David Licht) added and issued as..
Frank London: Scientist at Work (Redux) (Tzadik 7167; USA) released 2002 - CD
John McCracken & Outloud with Thomas Chapin/Charles Baldwin/Abe Speller : Blood From A Tone (MuWorks 1010; USA) recorded 1991, released 1992 - CD, LP, CS
Peter McEachern Quintet with Thomas Chapin : Shockwave (PMC; USA) recorded 1994, released 2011 - CD
Medeski Martin & Wood (John Medeski/Billy Martin/Chris Wood) with Thomas Chapin/Steven Bernstein et al. : Notes From The Underground (Hap-Jones 2921; USA) recorded 1991, released 1992 - CD
reissued with bonus cut as..
Medeski Martin & Wood : Notes From The Underground (Accurate 5010; USA) released 2000 - CD
still later reissued as..
Medeski Martin & Wood : Notes From The Underground (Amulet 016; USA) same bonus cut as above, released 2004 - CD
Michael Musillami with Thomas Chapin/Kent Hewitt/Nat Reeves/Steve Johns : The Young Child (Stash 556; USA) recorded 1990, released 1992 - CD
reissued retitled as..
Michael Musillami : Archives (Playscape 120990; USA) re-released 2000 - CD
Michael Musillami with Thomas Chapin/Randy Brecker/Ray Drummond/Kent Hewitt/Steve Johns : Glass Art (Evidence 22060; USA) recorded 1992, released 1993 - CD
Michael Musillami: Mar's Bars (Playscape 120192; USA) re-released 2000 - CD
Michael Musillami with Thomas Chapin/Claudio Roditi/Kent Hewitt/Charles 'Chip' Jackson/Steve Johns : Groove Teacher (Playscape 120694; USA) recorded 1994, released 1999 - CD
Robert Musso with Bill Laswell/Thomas Chapin/Aiyb Dieng/Jonas Hellborg/Bernie Worrell et al. : Active Resonance (MuWorks 1008; USA) recorded and released 1992 - CD, LP, CS
Mario Pavone with Thomas Chapin/Marty Ehrlich/Pheeroan akLaff et al. : Sharpeville (Alacra 1012; USA) recorded 1985, released 1989 - LP
reissued as:
Mario Pavone with Thomas Chapin/Marty Ehrlich/Pheeroan akLaff et al. : Sharpeville (Playscape 90885; USA) released 2000 - CD
Mario Pavone with Thomas Chapin/Marty Ehrlich/Joshua Redman et al. : Toulon Days (New World 80420; USA) recorded 1991, released 1992 - CD
Mario Pavone with Thomas Chapin/Peter McEachern/Bill Ware/Peter Madsen/Steve Johns : Song For (Septet) (New World 80452; USA) recorded and released 1993 - CD
Mario Pavone with Thomas Chapin/Marty Ehrlich et al. : Dancers Tales (KnitWorks 205; USA) recorded 1996, released 1997 - CD
Ned Rothenberg Double Band with Thomas Chapin/Jerome Harris/Kermit Driscoll/Billy Martin/Adam Rudolph : Overlays (Moers 2074; Germany) recorded and released 1991 - CD
Ned Rothenberg Double Band with Thomas Chapin/Jerome Harris/Chris Wood/Billy Martin/Jim Black : Real and Imagined Time (Moers 3006; Germany) recorded 1993, released 1995 - CD
Ned Rothenberg Double Band with Thomas Chapin/Jerome Harris/Tony Scherr/Michael Sarin/Samm Bennett : Parting (Moers 3012; Germany) recorded 1996, released 2004 - CD
The Rutgers U Livingston College Jazz Ensemble with Clifford Jordan/Thomas Chapin et al. : Music Of The Masters (Rutgers University; USA) recorded 1981 - LP
Daniel Schnyder with Thomas Chapin/Michael Philip Mossman/John Clark/Dave Taylor/Jim Pugh/Andy McKee/Bobby Sanabria : Tarantula (Enja 9302; Germany) recorded 1996, released 1997 - CD
Alan Simon with Thomas Chapin/Ernie Krivda/Pat O'Leary/Tom Melito et al. : The Present (Whispering Pines 120649; USA) recorded 1986, released 2005 - CD
Walter Thompson Orchestra Featuring Dave Douglas/Thomas Chapin/Herb Robertson/Joe Fonda/Frank London/Steve Swell/Steven Bernstein et al. : The Colonel: Compositions & Sound Paintings (Nine Winds 205; USA) recorded 1995, released 1998 - CD
Under Cover Collection Band (Tom Cora/Samm Bennett/Thomas Chapin/Burkhard Stangl/Max Nagl) : HorFest (Knitworks 165; USA) recorded 1994, released 1995 - CD
Ken Valitsky with Thomas Chapin/Michael Brandson/John Thompson/Vincent Tese : Species Compatibility (KnitWorks 135; USA) recorded and released 1993 - CD
Vandoorn (Ineke van Doorn/Marc van Vugt) + Thomas Chapin: President For Life (VIA/PIAS; Belgium) released 1996 - CD
Tom Varner with Frank London/Thomas Chapin/Steve Swell/Rich Rothenberg/Ed Jackson/Lindsey Horner/Phil Haynes : Long Night Big Day (New World 80410; USA) recorded 1990, released 1991 - CD, CS
Axel Zwingenberger with Lionel Hampton/Illinois Jacquet/Thomas Chapin/Ricky Ford et al. : The Boogie Woogie Album (Vagabond 044675/8.88008; Germany) recorded 1982, released 1992 - CD
Monie Love (Simone Wilson) : Down To Earth uncredited saxophones on track 'Monie In The Middle' (Warner Bros; USA) released 1990 - CD
Barbara Dennerlein: Junkanoo (Verve; USA) recorded and released 1996 - CD
Pamela Fleming : Fearless Dreamer (Infinite Room; USA) released 1998 - CD
Aurex Jazz Festival '81 (V.A.) : All Star Jam Session (East World 80208; Japan) released 1982 - LP
Real Estate (V.A. curated by Elliott Sharp) : New Music From New York (Ear-Rational 1015; Germany) recorded 1989, released 1990 - CD
Live At The Knitting Factory (V.A.) : Volume Three (KnitWorks 99/A&M 5299; USA) Chapin Trio recorded 1989; released 1990 - CD
Live At The Knitting Factory (V.A.) : Volume Four (KnitWorks 100/A&M 5332; USA) recorded and released 1990 - CD
Knitting Factory (V.A.) : What Is Jazz?: Festival Sampler 1991 (Knitworks 109; USA) released 1991 - CD
Knitting Factory (V.A.) : Goes To Vassar: Live At The Villard Room and The Cafe (KnitWorks 121 A; USA) two cuts taken from Third Force, released 1992 - CD
Knitting Factory (V.A) : Tours Europe 1991 (KnitWorks 105; USA) Chapin Trio recorded 1991, released 1991 - CD
The Rainbow Colored Lotus (V.A.) : A Big Hand for Hanshin (Polydor; Japan) released 1995 - 2-CD set
Knitting Factory (V.A.) : What Is Jazz?: Live At Heineken Jazz Festival 1996 (Knitworks 195; USA) Pavone sextet cut, and Chapin Trio cut, recorded and released 1996 - CD
(Discography compiled by Emanuel Maris)
Thomas Chapin : Ten Compositions (sheet music book) (Peace Park Publishing/Akasha; USA)
Music Man: Thomas Chapin - directed by Terri Castillo, 1989
Dancing Chicken Man: Thomas Chapin on YouTube - directed by Terri Castillo, 1991
Newport Jazz Festival, 1995 on YouTube with features of the Thomas Chapin Trio - directed by Richard Buxenbaum for Festival Productions, 1995
Jazz Man: Thomas Chapin on YouTube - directed by Stephanie J. Castillo, 2004
Night Bird Song: The Thomas Chapin Story - directed by Stephanie J. Castillo, released in 2016, winner "Best Story" Award, 2016 Nice (France) International Film Festival; shown at Monterey (CA) Jazz Fest, Sept., 2016
Thomas Chapin official site
Thomas Chapin Film site
Jazz Archive at Duke University
Thomas Chapin Papers. Rubenstein Library, Duke University
In fiber optics, polarization-maintaining optical fiber (PMF or PM fiber) is a single-mode optical fiber in which linearly polarized light, if properly launched into the fiber, maintains a linear polarization during propagation, exiting the fiber in a specific linear polarization state; there is little or no cross-coupling of optical power between the two polarization modes. Such fiber is used in special applications where preserving polarization is essential.
In an ordinary (non-polarization-maintaining) fiber, two polarization modes (say vertical and horizontal polarization) have the same nominal phase velocity due to the fiber's circular symmetry. However tiny amounts of random birefringence in such a fiber, or bending in the fiber, will cause a tiny amount of crosstalk from the vertical to the horizontal polarization mode. And since even a short portion of fiber, over which a tiny coupling coefficient may apply, is many thousands of wavelengths long, even that small coupling between the two polarization modes, applied coherently, can lead to a large power transfer to the horizontal mode, completely changing the wave's net state of polarization. Since that coupling coefficient was unintended and a result of arbitrary stress or bending applied to fiber, the output state of polarization will itself be random, and will vary as those stresses or bends vary; it will also vary with wavelength.
Polarization-maintaining fibers work by intentionally introducing a systematic linear birefringence in the fiber, so that there are two well defined polarization modes which propagate along the fiber with very distinct phase velocities. The beat length L b  of such a fiber (for a particular wavelength) is the distance (typically a few millimeters) over which the wave in one mode will experience an additional delay of one wavelength compared to the other polarization mode. Thus a length L b  /2 of such fiber is equivalent to a half-wave plate. Now consider that there might be a random coupling between the two polarization states over a significant length of such fiber. At point 0 along the fiber, the wave in polarization mode 1 induces an amplitude into mode 2 at some phase. However at point 1/2 L b  along the fiber, the same coupling coefficient between the polarization modes induces an amplitude into mode 2 which is now 180 degrees out of phase with the wave coupled at point zero, leading to cancellation. At point L b  along the fiber the coupling is again in the original phase, but at 3/2 L b  it is again out of phase and so on. The possibility of coherent addition of wave amplitudes through crosstalk over distances much larger than L b  is thus eliminated. Most of the wave's power remains in the original polarization mode, and exits the fiber in that mode's polarization as it is oriented at the fiber end. Optical fiber connectors used for PM fibers are specially keyed so that the two polarization modes are aligned and exit in a specific orientation.
Note that a polarization-maintaining fiber does not polarize light as a polarizer does. Rather, PM fiber maintains the linear polarization of linearly polarized light provided that it is launched into the fiber aligned with one of the fiber's polarization modes. Launching linearly polarized light into the fiber at a different angle will excite both polarization modes, conducting the same wave at a slightly different phase velocities. At most points along the fiber the net polarization will be an elliptically polarized state, with a return to the original polarization state after an integer number of beat lengths. Consequently, if visible laser light is launched into the fiber exciting both polarization modes, scattering of propagating light viewed from the side, is observed with a light and dark pattern periodic over each beat length, since scattering is preferentially perpendicular to the polarization direction.
Several different designs are used to create birefringence in a fiber. The fiber may be geometrically asymmetric or have a refractive index profile which is asymmetric such as the design using an elliptical cladding as shown in the diagram. Alternatively, stress permanently induced in the fiber will produce stress birefringence; this may be accomplished using rods of another material included within the cladding. Several different shapes of rod are used, and the resulting fiber is sold under brand names such as "Panda" and "Bow-tie".
It is possible to create a circularly birefringent optical fiber just using an ordinary (circularly symmetric) single-mode fiber and twisting it, thus creating internal torsional stress. That causes the phase velocity of right and left hand circular polarizations to significantly differ. Thus the two circular polarizations propagate with little crosstalk in between them
Polarization-maintaining optical fibers are used in special applications, such as in fiber optic sensing, interferometry and quantum key distribution. They are also commonly used in telecommunications for the connection between a source laser and a modulator, since the modulator requires polarized light as input. They are rarely used for long-distance transmission, because PM fiber is expensive and has higher attenuation than singlemode fiber.
The output of a PM fiber is typically characterized by its polarization extinction ratio (PER)—the ratio of correctly to incorrectly polarized light, expressed in decibels. The quality of PM patchcords and pigtails can be characterized with a PER meter.
 This article incorporates public domain material from the General Services Administration document "Federal Standard 1037C".
MIL-STD-2196
Fujikura's PANDA Fiber Specs for the most common type of PM fiber
Polarization Crosstaik in PM Fiber
Robert Francis Klaus (born December 27, 1937 in Spring Grove, Illinois), is a former right-handed Major League Baseball infielder who played from 1964 to 1965 for the Cincinnati Reds and New York Mets. He is the brother of the late MLB infielder Billy Klaus.
Prior to playing professional baseball, Klaus attended University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign. Klaus was 5 ft 10 in (1.78 m) and weighed 170 pounds (77 kg).
Originally signed as an amateur free agent by the Cincinnati Redlegs in 1959, Klaus made his big league debut on April 21, 1964, against Jimmy Wynn and the rest of the Houston Colt .45s as a pinch hitter for pitcher Jim O'Toole. He did not get an official at-bat in his first game, because a runner on base was caught trying to advance.
Klaus did poorly as a brief replacement for Pete Rose in 1964 with the Reds, batting .183 in 40 games. He was purchased by the Mets on July 19 of that year, and with them he played in 56 games, compiling a .244 batting average. Overall, in 96 games in his rookie season, he batted .225.
1965 would end up being Klaus' final season in the big leagues. In 119 games with the Mets, he collected 55 hits in 288 at-bats for a .191 batting average. He showed a fair eye at the plate, with his walk total nearly matching his strikeout total – he had 45 and 49 respectively.
He played his final big league game on October 3, 1965, against the Philadelphia Phillies. He ended his career on a sour note – he collected no hits in five at bats in his final game.
In his big league career, he played in 215 total games, collecting 123 hits in 590 at-bats for a .208 batting average. He hit 25 doubles, four triples and six home runs, scored 65 runs and drove 29 in, stole five bases and was caught 10 times, and walked 74 times and struck out 92 times. He committed 21 errors in the field for a .973 fielding percentage.
Statistically, he is most similar to Buddy Biancalana.
Although his big league career ended after the 1965 season, he still stuck around in pro baseball for a while, and was part of some notable transactions. On February 22, 1966, he was traded by the Mets with Wayne Graham and Jimmie Schaffer to the Phillies for Dick Stuart.
On December 2, 1968, he was drafted by the San Diego Padres from the Phillies in the rule 5 draft.
Finally, on March 28, 1969, he was traded by the Padres with Ron Davis to the Pittsburgh Pirates for Tommie Sisk and Chris Cannizzaro.
Bobby Klaus
A shaft bow is an element of horse harness that is attached to the front of the shafts of a horse-drawn vehicle and joins them by arching high above the neck of the horse. Use of the shaft bow is widespread in the area east of the Baltic Sea (Russia, Finland and the eastern Baltic countries). A shaft bow is also used in traditional harness in Sicily. It is seldom seen in other parts of the world.
A shaft bow may be used over a single horse, or over the middle horse in a troika.
The shaft bow is well-suited for a light horse pulling a heavy load. In Eastern Finland the shaft bow was traditionally used all year round, while in the flatter Western Finland area, it was reserved mainly for winter and sleigh driving; in the summer a breastcollar was used, on its own or with a shaft bow. The shaft bow was used with horse breeds such as the Finnhorse, a light but strong breed, fast compared to the heavy draft horses of Western Europe. The shaft bow functions somewhat like a spring, allowing for a smoother start, thus making it easier for a horse to take off when pulling larger loads than it could without the shaft bow.
The shaft bow is in common use in the areas east from the Baltic Sea. Its area of distribution is contiguous; in addition to Finland and Estonia, it has been used by other Finno-Ugric peoples and in Russia. The Russian adopted the shaft bow from Finland. In Sweden, the shaft bow has only been used by the Forest Finns of Värmland. In Western Europe and in the Americas the shaft bow is practically unknown.
According to the ethnologist and historian Kustaa Vilkuna, the main factor connecting the Finnish horse driving culture is the shaft bow, and the first records of shaft bow usage are from Finland and Estonia. In the ancient cantos and the Kalevala the shaft bow is very commonplace, and the first literary record of the shaft bow is from the 1430s, in the death-lay of Bishop Henry. The first Estonian record is from 1494. Records from Russia occur at a later date. Shaft bows appear in Russian trade inventories in the 17th century. They appear in Sweden later yet– the Swedish explorer and naturalist Carl von Linné only saw his first shaft bow in Finland in 1732.
In old Finnish tax records, shaft bows were considered assets of the house. The Nyynäinen house in Lemu was recorded as possessing two painted shaft bows in 1549. Based on tax records from the 18th century, the shaft bow was widespread all over Finland.
The shaft bow has different names in different languages and dialects. The commonly used, standard term in Finnish is luokka or luokki. Luokki is the form used in the eastern dialects of Finnish, luokka is used in the western ones. In Karelian, the shaft bow is called vemmel, vempele or vembel depending of the region. In addition to Finnish, the word luokki also appears in Votic, Estonian (look) and Livonian. In Russian the shaft bow is called simply an "arch", Russian: дуга (duga). In Finnish, the word vemmel is rarely in use but is recognised as a synonym for arch. The Finnish terms are ancient, and words like vemmelsääri (bowleg or luokki leg) to mean a hare in a playful context are still in use.
Historically, Finnish-English dictionaries have rendered luokki as collar bow, but shaft bow is both more precise and in general use. It appears in numerous translations of works by Leo Tolstoy.
In Sicily the shaft bow is called a sellone.
In Finland usually the shaft bow is made of springy wood, but in Russia cast iron versions are common.
The usual wood for making a Finnish shaft bow is small-leaved lime, which is light, flexible, durable, and keeps its shape well. Other trees used for making shaft bows are rowan, yew, juniper and the northern, slowly growing birch. Willow was normally only used for a running repair if a shaft bow broke while working in the forest – it was made by bending and binding two willow rods together.
Nowadays shaft bows may be made of steel, laminated wood, or by the traditional method, of a single, bent piece of wood. The drawbacks of a metal shaft bow is that in very cold weather it might shatter, and the hard metal will wear the wooden shafts quickly. A wooden, so-called "pressed shaft bow" can be made of bird cherry (which is the most durable), lime or birch – all these trees grow slowly in the Finnish climate. The wood is softened by storing it in a dung heap for about a week, warming it by an open fire, steaming it, or using microwaves. After softening the shaft bow is bent using a jig called a paininpuu or paininpenkki. Shaft bows (except for those made of lime) straighten out with time, especially if rarely used. To prevent this, shaft bows are often stored with the ends tied together.
Gavril Ilizarov's bone-setting invention known as the Ilizarov apparatus was inspired by a shaft bow harness. His initial tests used a semicircular frame similar to the shaft bow; he soon switched to a full circular frame. The Ilizarov apparatus in turn has inspired other medical devices for external fixation, including the Taylor Spatial Frame.
Heikki Laakso: Suomenhevonen-näyttely Seinäjoen Maakuntamuseossa, 1990 (purilaat, itäinen ja läntinen reki sekä parireki) (Finnish)
Lenni Huhtasen esitelmä Kurikan maatalousnäyttelyyn, 1936 (Finnish)
Toivo Virrankoski: Nopankylän kärryseppiä ja rekimestareita, Ilmajoki-seura (Finnish)
Kustaa Vilkuna: Luokkavaljastus (Finnish)
Könnin sukukirja (Finnish)
Petter Hälströmin sukukrjat 1-8 (Finnish)
Martti Lahti: Etelä-Pohjalaiset hevosajokalut (Finnish)
Etelä-Pohjanmaan kuvahistoria (Finnish)
Pictures of harness types used for oxen and horses in Finland (Finnish)
Juglot or Jaglot is a town in Gilgit District, Pakistan, situated 45 km south east of Gilgit on the Karakoram Highway. It is located at the junction of three mountain ranges, the Karakoram, Hindukush, and Himalayas. It is also a junction point between Skardu and Gilgit. The road to Skardu branches off about six kilometres towards Gilgit.
Historically, Juglot was strategically important as it lay along the route linking British India to China via Kashmir . Bunji, the historical garrison of the army of the Maharaja of Kashmir, is situated across the River Indus. The struggle for Kashmir's independence from the Sikh Manharaja of Kashmir also originated in Juglot.
Even today, Juglot is the most important logistic base for the Pakistan Army. It gained this importance from the 1984 war in Siachin, which became the highest battleground in the world. Much of the development of Juglot is a result of the Army's presence.
Juglot is located in a fertile valley with rich natural resources. It is one of the business hubs of the Northern Areas because all six districts have access through Juglot. The town also contains the largest oil, wheat and flour depots for the Northern Areas. It has independent power generation facilities and sufficient electric power to attract a number of flour mills and marble plants. Even artisanal gold panning in the Indus river is still carried out by a tribe known as the Soniwals (gold hunters).
Juglot contains fifteen villages which include:
Damote
Chakarkot
Gasho Pahote
Manote and Sabil
The people of Juglot are tribal in nature, and Muslim. The population of Juglot, including the suburbs, is approximately 45,000 in 3200 houses, with an education rate of 48%. There are four main castes live in this area Sheen, Yaskun, Kamin, Kashmiris. Among Sheen main families are Juvay, Bhudeye, Maddiay, Darkhaaney etc these live in damote.The main tribes in proper juglote are Koliwal (Kalouch) Kashmiri , qalam dany and soniwal but some mixtribes are also existed in the area.
Cryo Interactive Entertainment was a French video game development and publishing company founded in 1992, but existing unofficially since 1989 as a developer group under the name Cryo.
Cryo was formed by members of ERE Informatique who left Infogrames (proprietor of ERE since 1986) – among these were Philippe Ulrich, Rémi Herbulot and Jean-Martial Lefranc.
The first game developed under the Cryo Interactive moniker was the hit Dune, which granted the newly formed software company both publicity and funding for further games under Virgin until 1996, when Cryo started self-publishing inside the European market, and in North America through then partially owned Canadian publisher DreamCatcher Interactive.
Cryo made its name mostly through adaptations of already existing stories (such as Riverworld, based on Philip José Farmer's novel and Ubik by Philip K. Dick) or those based on historical scenarios (like KGB, a game set days before the dissolution of the Soviet Union and several games based in Ancient Egypt, Qing Dynasty's China and Louis XIV's France, developed with Cryo's Omni3D engine). Although most of the post-Virgin games managed to capture and stay true to the original settings, poor interfaces and the lack of worldwide distribution turned little profit from each game.
A Cryo Interactive subsidiary called Cryo Networks, aimed at developing and publishing online applications exclusively, was established in December 1997. Aside from online multiplayer games (Deo Gratias, FireTeam,Treasure Hunt 2001, Mankind and Scotland Yard being some of the titles released under this label), Cryo Networks also maintained a proprietary online multimedia development framework named SCOL (Standard Cryo On Line).
By July 2002, not long after Frank Herbert's Dune flopped, the value of Cryo shares had plummeted and the financial situation of the company, who had closed its North American branch Cryo Studios the year before, was no longer sustainable. Cryo failed to negotiate a deal with its creditors, consequently filing for insolvency and making over 80 percent of its workforce redundant. Subsidiary Cryo Networks ceased operations shortly thereafter, leaving its then-ongoing projects DUNE Generations and Black Moon Chronicles: Wind of War unfinished. In October 2002, the parent company was put on liquidation, but subsequent negotiations ultimately caused DreamCatcher Interactive to absorb most of its assets and development teams, thus forming the base for DreamCatcher Europe.
The SCOL technology developed by Cryo Networks was released as an open source project in late 2002. Also following Cryo's bankruptcy, its partnership with Italian developer Trecision fell through and Trecision managed to acquire publishing rights to its co-developed games Popeye: Hush Rush for Spinach and the Windows and PlayStation 2 versions of Zidane Football Generation. However, the former was cancelled and the latter was stripped of its Zinedine Zidane license and released as Calcio 2003 in Italy and Football Generation in the rest of Europe, the PlayStation 2 version not being released until 2006, three years after Trecision itself had filed for voluntary liquidation.
Between 2003 and 2006, DreamCatcher division The Adventure Company released Salammbo: Battle for Carthage, in development at Cryo Interactive at the time it went bankrupt and completed posthumously, as well as new sequels in the Cryo trademark series of Atlantis and Egypt. DreamCatcher also completed the PlayStation version of Hellboy: Dogs of the Night, originally developed for Windows by Cryo Studios, and released it as Hellboy: Asylum Seeker in 2004, to coincide with the release of the first feature film of the franchise.
In March 2007 Austrian publisher JoWooD Productions, who had acquired DreamCatcher four months earlier, downsized DreamCatcher Europe to a publishing brand only and laid off its remaining development staff, effectively ending the Cryo legacy.
On 20 October 2008 Microïds acquired the brands and intellectual property of Cryo Interactive. Microïds also stated that they intended to distribute Cryo's older games digitally, and that they were developing new games based on Cryo's intellectual properties. Since the acquisition of Microïds by Anuman Interactive in November 2009, one game from the Cryo franchises that Anuman has planned for release is a sequel to Egypt 3. As of December 2013, GOG.com had seven Cryo-developed games made available under its digital distribution service, namely Dragon Lore and the MegaRace and Atlantis series.
List of video games by Cryo Interactive
Interview with Ghislain Pages, Commercial Director for DreamCatcher Europe at Adventure Gamers (2003-03-07)
Cryo Interactive profile on MobyGames
SCOL
Microïds Official website
Reginald Heber Thomson (usually R.H. Thomson; 1856 – January 7, 1949) was a self-taught American civil engineer. He worked in Washington state, mainly in Seattle, where he became city engineer in 1892 and held the position for two decades. Alan J. Stein wrote that Thomson "probably did more than any other individual to change the face of Seattle" and was responsible for "virtually all of Seattle's infrastructure".
Despite the scope of his work, no major portion of Seattle's infrastructure has ever carried Thomson's name. He was supposed to have been memorialized by the R.H. Thomson Expressway, proposed in 1960 but never built.
Among his achievements were the railway route through Snoqualmie Pass, the Lake Washington Ship Canal, much of the paving of Seattle's roads and sidewalks, numerous bridges over rivers and valleys, and major improvements to Seattle's sewer system, as well as straightening and deepening the Duwamish River and developing the Cedar River watershed, now one of Seattle's major sources of drinking water. He was also responsible for much of the regrading of Seattle, taking down hills and filling in the mudflats, and played a major role in the creation of Seattle City Light (the public electric utility), the Port of Seattle, and the Hiram M. Chittenden Locks. Elsewhere, he consulted on projects such as the Rogue River Valley Irrigation Canal, water development for Bellingham, Washington, and power plants in Southeastern Alaska.
Born and raised in a "Scottish colony" in Hanover, Indiana, Thomson received three degrees from Hanover College: a Bachelors in 1877, a Master of Arts in 1901 and an honorary Ph.D., also in 1901. After his baccalaureate, he worked as a surveyor, then followed his father to Healdsburg Institute in Healdsburg, California, where his father served as principal and Thomson as a mathematics teacher.
Thomson accompanied T.B. Morris to what was then the Washington Territory, now Washington State, where Morris planned to start a coal mine. He arrived September 25, 1881, 30 years to the day after the Denny Party, usually considered the city's founders. The day of his arrival, he met pioneer David Denny at a memorial service for the recently assassinated U.S. president, James Garfield.
As an assistant to city and county surveyor F.H. Whitworth, Thompson was involved in the initial surveying and dredging of what would, years later, become the Montlake Cut of the Lake Washington Ship Canal. In 1884 he became the city surveyor, in which capacity he oversaw the building of Seattle's first sewers and the Grant Street bridge across the Duwamish River tideflats.
In 1886 he resigned to work for the Seattle, Lake Shore & Eastern railroad, for whom he plotted the route from the northern end of Lake Washington (now Kenmore) east through Snoqualmie Pass to Lake Keechelus. Before returning to become a consulting engineer in Seattle, he spent some time in Spokane, near the state's eastern border, where he was responsible for several railway terminals and two bridges.
In 1892, three years after the Great Seattle Fire, he became Seattle city engineer and began the process of paving roads, building sidewalks, and adding sewer lines (often through areas that earlier engineers could not work out how to plumb). With his assistant, George F. Cotterill, he laid out Lake Washington Boulevard, initially conceived as a path for bicycles.
From the time of his arrival in Seattle, Thomson had considered the hilly landscape and the extensive mudflats as obstacles to the city's growth. He launched several regrading projects, most notably the extensive Denny Regrade, but also the Jackson regrade (between Main and Judkins Streets and 4th and 12th Avenues) and the regrading of Dearborn Street, with the 12th Avenue Bridge (now Jose P. Rizal Bridge) spanning Dearborn and connecting First Hill to Beacon Hill. He also drove Westlake Avenue through from Downtown to Lake Union, the first flat route connecting the two. He also worked with railroad magnate James J. Hill to get the Great Northern Railway to bypass the already crowded waterfront with a 1906 railway tunnel under Downtown.
Regrading 25 miles (40 km) of streets displaced 16,000,000 cubic yards (12,000,000 m 3 ) of earth, which provided fill for the Duwamish River tide-flats. The latter became Seattle's industrial zone.
When Thomson became city engineer, Seattle was still pumping its water supply from Lake Washington to a reservoir on Beacon Hill. Water supply was beginning to limit the city's growth; with great difficulty, Thomson convinced the city to pipe in water from the Cedar River Watershed, 30 miles (48 km) to the southeast of Seattle in the Cascade foothills. A December 24, 1900 test of the system went so well that it went into routine use 18 days later, filling the reservoir in City Park, renamed that same year as Volunteer Park.
The Cedar River did not supply Seattle only with water: the City Light Cedar Falls hydroelectric plant began operation October 4, 1904; from January 10, 1905, Seattle had electric streetlights, and from September 9 of the same year, the city-owned utility was selling electricity to private customers.
With the city council's encouragement, Thomson took a half-year vacation and traveled Europe. It turned out to be a working trip: he studied the infrastructures of the great European cities, and came back with further visions for the future of Seattle. Among the resulting projects were the re-routing of Seattle's sewage outlet to West Point in Magnolia, then part of Fort Lawton, now part of Discovery Park; to this day, the site contains a major sewage treatment plant.
Overlapping his tenure as city engineer, Thomson was president of the University of Washington board of managers (1905–1915). He also became increasingly interested in Seattle's waterways, which led him to resign as city engineer in 1911 to lobby the state legislature and otherwise help organize the Port of Seattle, for which he became chief engineer. Among his achievements for the port were the acquisition of Smith Cove and the land at the foot of Bell Street which is now home to the Port's headquarters. He was also largely responsible for dredging and straightening the Duwamish River delta, and for obtaining federal money for the Ballard Locks, now the Hiram M. Chittenden Locks.
From 1916 to 1922, Thomson served on the Seattle city council, while continuing to work as a civil engineer. After leaving the council, he continued working various places in the Pacific Northwest and Alaska. He consulted on Oregon's Rogue River Valley Irrigation Canal; built hydroelectric plants in Eugene, Oregon and surveyed plant sites in Southeastern Alaska; planned the water supply of Bellingham, Washington and consulted on the system for Wenatchee; briefly, in his seventies, he returned, temporarily, as Seattle city engineer in 1930 to finish the Diablo Dam on the Skagit River after the death of city engineer William D. Barkhuff; consulted to the Inter-County River Improvement Commission for King and Pierce Counties (the counties containing Seattle and Tacoma, respectively), and consulted on the construction of the Lake Washington Floating Bridge (now Lacey V. Murrow Memorial Bridge, carrying Interstate 90 across Lake Washington) and for the foundations of the Tacoma Narrows Bridge.
At the end of his life, Thomson wrote an autobiography, That Man Thomson, which was published posthumously.
In a sense, Thomson's chief legacy is the physical contours of the city of Seattle as it exists today, including the lay of the land, the transportation system, and the municipal utilities.
Thomson was, without a doubt, Seattle's most important city engineer; in 1911 he had served in the office 19 of the 37 years it had existed. He was also often one of the most controversial: in February 1894, less than two years into his second period in the office, the Board of Public Works removed him from office; mayor James T. Ronald removed two members of the Board and reinstated Thomson. "A technical man with a streak of imagination… his disdain for those who did not share his vision also made him many enemies."
Some of Thomson's projects remain controversial to this day. The Denny Regrade, his largest regrading project, sluiced away 6 million cubic yards (5,000,000 m³) of earth and numerous buildings, including the landmark Washington Hotel. Owners who didn't willingly sell were left with their buildings standing uselessly on pinnacles, the remaining land removed around them. The project was supposed to make way for a northward growth of downtown, but voters rejected Virgil Bogue's plan to rebuild the area in Beaux-Arts style in 1912, leaving the area to develop piecemeal. As late as the 1970s, the neighborhood was merely "serviceable but seedy", then increasingly a center of Seattle's bohemian life, while also seeing a growth in condominium and office development.
As remarked above, Thomson was supposed to have been memorialized by the R.H. Thomson Expressway, which was scheduled to have run north from Interstate 90, through the Central District, Montlake and the Washington Park Arboretum, under Union Bay, and through Ravenna to an interchange with a proposed Bothell Freeway. In 1972, voters rejected the project, which the City Council had definitively abandoned in 1970.
He is, however, memorialized by a school: the Broadview-Thomson Elementary School (originally a junior high school) in Seattle's Broadview / Bitter Lake neighborhood.
An online excerpt from Paul Dorpat and Genevieve McCoy, Building Washington: A history of Washington State Public Works, Seattle: Tartu Publications, 1998 talks about Seattle's water supply, and includes extensive discussion of Thomson's work on the Cedar River.
Crowley, Walt. (March 19, 2001) Seattle voters scrap proposed Bay Freeway and R. H. Thomson Expressway on February 8, 1972. HistoryLink.org
Berger, Knute. (March 30, 2011) Seattle's history of slaying 'concrete dragons' Crosscut.com
Eccentric Seattle: Reginald H. Thomson, King of the Hills
Snälla Py ("Kind/Nice Py") was the 2000 edition of Sveriges Radio's Christmas Calendar.
The series is a musical-based story, set in the town of Luleå in Sweden. The main character is a girl named "Py". A recurring theme is the question of what it means to be a kind person.
The series was released to CD the same year by the Caprice label.
Panihati Mahavidyalaya, established in 1976, is a general degree college in Sodepur, Kolkata. This is one of the oldest colleges in North 24 Pargana, West Bengal. It offers undergraduate courses in arts,commerce and recently in science. After having inauguration of its new science building, which having top class facility. It is affiliated to West Bengal State University. This is one of finest colleges under West Bengal State University.
Chemistry
Physics
Mathematics
Botany
Zoology
Computer Science
Bengali
English
History
Geography
Political Science
Philosophy
Economics
Education
Commerce
Panihati Mahavidyalaya is recognized by the University Grants Commission (UGC). Besides it is registered to West Bengal State University which is in West Bengal.
Further details can be seen below at https://www.pmv.ac.in/
Panihati Mahavidyalaya
Asexual reproduction is a type of reproduction by which offspring arise from a single organism, and inherit the genes of that parent only; it does not involve the fusion of gametes and almost never changes the number of chromosomes. Asexual reproduction is the primary form of reproduction for single-celled organism as the archaea, bacteria, and protists. Many plants and fungi reproduce asexually as well.
While all prokaryotes reproduce asexually (without the formation and fusion of gametes), mechanisms for lateral gene transfer such as conjugation, transformation and transduction are sometimes likened to sexual reproduction (or at least with sex, in the sense of genetic recombination). A complete lack of sexual reproduction is relatively rare among multicellular organisms, particularly animals. It is not entirely understood why the ability to reproduce sexually is so common among them. Current hypotheses suggest that asexual reproduction may have short term benefits when rapid population growth is important or in stable environments, while sexual reproduction offers a net advantage by allowing more rapid generation of genetic diversity, allowing adaptation to changing environments. Developmental constraints may underlie why few animals have relinquished sexual reproduction completely in their life-cycles. Another constraint on switching from sexual to asexual reproduction would be the concomitant loss of meiosis and the protective recombinational repair of DNA damage afforded as one function of meiosis. (Also see Meiosis section: Origin and function of meiosis)
An important form of fission is binary fission. In binary fission, the parent organism is replaced by two daughter organisms, because it literally divides in two. Only prokaryotes (the archaea and the bacteria) reproduce asexually through binary fission. Eukaryotes (such as protists and unicellular fungi) reproduce by mitosis; most of these are also capable of sexual reproduction.
Another type of fission is multiple fission that is advantageous to the plant life cycle. Multiple fission at the cellular level occurs in many protists, e.g. sporozoans and algae. The nucleus of the parent cell divides several times by mitosis, producing several nuclei. The cytoplasm then separates, creating multiple daughter cells.
In apicomplexans, multiple fission, or schizogony, is manifested either as merogony, sporogony or gametogony. Merogony results in merozoites, which are multiple daughter cells, that originate within the same cell membrane, sporogony results in sporozoites, and gametogony results in microgametes.
Some cells split via budding (for example baker's yeast), resulting in a "mother" and "daughter" cell. The offspring organism is smaller than the parent. Budding is also known on a multicellular level; an animal example is the hydra, which reproduces by budding. The buds grow into fully matured individuals which eventually break away from the parent organism.
Internal budding or Endodyogeny is a process of asexual reproduction, favoured by parasites such as Toxoplasma gondii. It involves an unusual process in which two daughter cells are produced inside a mother cell, which is then consumed by the offspring prior to their separation.
Endopolygeny is the division into several organisms at once by internal budding. also budding (external or internal) is present in some worm like Taenia or Echinococci; these worm produce cyst and then produce (invaginated or evaginated) protoscolex with budding.
Vegetative reproduction is a type of asexual reproduction found in plants where new individuals are formed without the production of seeds or spores by meiosis or syngamy. Examples of vegetative reproduction include the formation of miniaturized plants called plantlets on specialized leaves (for example in kalanchoe) and some produce new plants out of rhizomes or stolon (for example in strawberry). Other plants reproduce by forming bulbs or tubers (for example tulip bulbs and dahlia tubers). Some plants produce adventitious shoots and suckers that form along their lateral roots. Plants that reproduce vegetatively may form a clonal colony, where all the individuals are clones, and the clones may cover a large area.
Many multicellular organisms form spores during their biological life cycle in a process called sporogenesis. Exceptions are animals and some protists, who undergo meiosis immediately followed by fertilization. Plants and many algae on the other hand undergo sporic meiosis where meiosis leads to the formation of haploid spores rather than gametes. These spores grow into multicellular individuals (called gametophytes in the case of plants) without a fertilization event. Then in the plant life cycle.
Fungi and some algae can also utilize true asexual spore formation, which involves mitosis giving rise to reproductive cells called mitospores that develop into a new organism after dispersal. This method of reproduction is found for example in conidial fungi and the red algae Polysiphonia, and involves sporogenesis without meiosis. Thus the chromosome number of the spore cell is the same as that of the parent producing the spores. However, mitotic sporogenesis is an exception and most spores, such as those of plants, most Basidiomycota, and many algae, are produced by meiosis.
A mode of reproduction resembling multiple fission, common among Protozoa, in which the organism breaks up into a number of pieces, or spores, each of which eventually develops into an organism like the parent form. The formation of reproductive cells or spores, as in the growth of bacilli. Even if the plants are healthy the outcome of the seed will always be high
Fragmentation is a form of asexual reproduction where a new organism grows from a fragment of the parent. Each fragment develops into a mature, fully grown individual. Fragmentation is seen in many organisms such as animals (some annelid worms, turbellarians and sea stars), fungi, and plants. Some plants have specialized structures for reproduction via fragmentation, such as gemma in liverworts. Most lichens, which are a symbiotic union of a fungus and photosynthetic algae or bacteria, reproduce through fragmentation to ensure that new individuals contain both symbiont. These fragments can take the form of soredia, dust-like particles consisting of fungal hyphen wrapped around photobiont cells.
Clonal Fragmentation in multicellular or colonial organisms is a form of asexual reproduction or cloning where an organism is split into fragments. Each of these fragments develop into mature, fully grown individuals that are clones of the original organism. In echinoderms, this method of reproduction is usually known as fissiparity.
Agamogenesis is any form of reproduction that does not involve a male gamete. Examples are parthenogenesis and apomixis.
Parthenogenesis is a form of agamogenesis in which an unfertilized egg develops into a new individual. Parthenogenesis occurs naturally in many plants, invertebrates (e.g. water fleas, rotifers, aphids, stick insects, some ants, bees and parasitic wasps), and vertebrates (e.g. some reptiles, amphibians, rarely birds). In plants, apomixis may or may not involve parthenogenesis.
Apomixis in plants is the formation of a new sporophyte without fertilization. It is important in ferns and in flowering plants, but is very rare in other seed plants. In flowering plants, the term "apomixis" is now most often used for agamospermy, the formation of seeds without fertilization, but was once used to include vegetative reproduction. An example of an apomictic plant would be the triploid European dandelion. Apomixis mainly occurs in two forms: In gametophytic apomixis, the embryo arises from an unfertilized egg within a diploid embryo sac that was formed without completing meiosis. In nucellar embryony, the embryo is formed from the diploid nucellus tissue surrounding the embryo sac. Nucellar embryony occurs in some citrus seeds. Male apomixis can occur in rare cases, such as the Saharan Cypress Cupressus dupreziana, where the genetic material of the embryo are derived entirely from pollen. The term "apomixis" is also used for asexual reproduction in some animals, notably water-fleas, Daphnia.
Some species alternate between the sexual and asexual strategies, an ability known as heterogamy, depending on conditions. Alternation is observed in several rotifer species (cyclical parthenogenesis e.g. in Brachionus species) and a few types of insects, such as aphids which will, under certain conditions, produce eggs that have not gone through meiosis, thus cloning themselves. The cape bee Apis mellifera subsp. capensis can reproduce asexually through a process called thelytoky. A few species of amphibians, reptiles, and birds have a similar ability (see parthenogenesis for examples). For example, the freshwater crustacean Daphnia reproduces by parthenogenesis in the spring to rapidly populate ponds, then switches to sexual reproduction as the intensity of competition and predation increases. Another example are monogonont rotifers of the genus Brachionus, which reproduce via cyclical parthenogenesis: at low population densities females produce asexually and at higher densities a chemical cue accumulates and induces the transition to sexual reproduction. Many protists and fungi alternate between sexual and asexual reproduction.
For example, the slime mold Dictyostelium undergoes binary fission (mitosis) as single-celled amoebae under favorable conditions. However, when conditions turn unfavorable, the cells aggregate and follow one of two different developmental pathways, depending on conditions. In the social pathway, they form a multicellular slug which then forms a fruiting body with asexually generated spores. In the sexual pathway, two cells fuse to form a giant cell that develops into a large cyst. When this macrocyst germinates, it releases hundreds of amoebic cells that are the product of meiotic recombination between the original two cells.
The hyphae of the common mold (Rhizopus) are capable of producing both mitotic as well as meiotic spores. Many algae similarly switch between sexual and asexual reproduction. A number of plants use both sexual and asexual means to produce new plants, some species alter their primary modes of reproduction from sexual to asexual under varying environmental conditions.
For example, in the rotifer Brachionus calyciflorus asexual reproduction (obligate parthenogenesis) can be inherited by a recessive allele, which leads to loss of sexual reproduction in homozygous offspring.
Inheritance of asexual reproduction by a single recessive locus has also been found in the parasitoid wasp Lysiphlebus fabarum.
There are examples of parthenogenesis in the hammerhead shark and the blacktip shark. In both cases, the sharks had reached sexual maturity in captivity in the absence of males, and in both cases the offspring were shown to be genetically identical to the mothers. The New Mexico whiptail is another example.
Reptiles use the ZW sex-determination system, which produces either males (with ZZ sex chromosomes) or females (with ZW or WW sex chromosomes). Until 2010, it was thought that the ZW chromosome system used by reptiles was incapable of producing viable WW offspring, but a (ZW) female boa constrictor was discovered to have produced viable female offspring with WW chromosomes. The female boa could have chosen any number of male partners (and had successfully in the past) but on these occasions she reproduced asexually, creating 22 female babies with WW sex-chromosomes.
Polyembryony is a widespread form of asexual reproduction in animals, whereby the fertilized egg or a later stage of embryonic development splits to form genetically identical clones. Within animals, this phenomenon has been best studied in the parasitic Hymenoptera. In the 9-banded armadillos, this process is obligatory and usually gives rise to genetically identical quadruplets. In other mammals, monozygotic twinning has no apparent genetic basis, though its occurrence is common. There are at least 10 million identical human twins and triplets in the world today.
Bdelloid rotifers reproduce exclusively asexually, and all individuals in the class Bdelloidea are females. Asexuality evolved in these animals millions of years ago and has persisted since. There is evidence to suggest that asexual reproduction has allowed the animals to evolve new proteins through the Meselson effect that have allowed them to survive better in periods of dehydration.
Molecular evidence strongly suggest that several species of the stick insect genus Timema have used only asexual (parthenogenetic) reproduction for millions of years, the longest period known for any insect.
In the grass thrips genus Aptinothrips there have been several transitions to asexuality, likely due to different causes.
Graham, L., J. Graham, & L. Wilcox. 2003. Plant Biology. Pearson Education, Inc., Upper Saddle River, N.J.: pp. 258–259.
Raven, P.H., Evert, R.F., Eichhorn, S.E. 2005. Biology of Plants, 7th Edition. W.H. Freeman and Company Publishers, NY.
Avise, J. 2008. Clonality: The Genetics, Ecology, and Evolution of Sexual Abstinence in Vertebrate Animals. Oxford University Press
Asexual reproduction
Intestinal Protozoa
The Fifth is the fifth studio album by British rapper Dizzee Rascal, released on 30 September 2013 under Dirtee Stank Recordings and Island Records. The Fifth is Dizzee Rascal's first release since he signed with Universal. It succeeds his fourth studio album Tongue n' Cheek (2009) and features production from RedOne, Jonas Jeberg, M.J. Cole, Baptiste, Goldstein, Andrew "Pop" Wansel and Teddy Sky, among others. The album features guest appearances from singers Jessie J, Robbie Williams, Sean Kingston, Angel, and rappers Tinie Tempah, Bun B, Trae tha Truth, and Will.i.am. The album's track listing was confirmed when it was made available to pre-order via the iTunes Store.
Dizzee commented on the album: "It's the best-produced album I've done so far. If my last record was dipping my foot into the swimming pool of happiness, this one is fully going for a swim - backstroke, butterfly, in every way... not just doggy paddle". The majority of the album was produced in Los Angeles between 2011-2013 and follows the same experimental genre of Rascal's previous studio album, Tongue n' Cheek (2009).
'The Fifth' received mixed reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 51 based on 11 reviews, which indicates "Mixed or average reviews".
"Bassline Junkie", which was also included on Rascal's mixtape DirteeTV.com - The Mixtape, Vol. 2, was released on 1 January 2013 as a promotional single from the album. It was released to support to mixtape after it impacted the top 100 on the UK Singles Chart. The song peaked at number 10 with the help of radio airplay, and thus was selected for inclusion as a bonus track on the album following its chart success.
"H-Town", featuring Bun B and Trae tha Truth, was released as the second promotional single from the album on 1 May 2013. It achieved little airplay on radio, and failed to impact the UK Singles Chart, and was quickly succeeded by the release of the first official single from the album.
"Goin' Crazy", featuring Robbie Williams, was as the official lead single from the album on 16 June 2013. The music video premiered on 14 May 2013, and features Dizzee and Robbie leading a gang, whilst driving hyped-up mobility scooters. The single was released physically in Germany accompanied by the instrumental version. The single peaked at #5 on the UK Singles Chart, becoming the most successful from the album yet.
"I Don't Need a Reason" was released as the third promotional single from the album on 11 July 2013. Initially planned as the second official single, a music video was filmed and released on to YouTube on 18 August 2013, which decpits Dizzee as an Edwardian gent, and uses camera effects to distort eye movements, although again due to very little airplay and no promotion, the single failed to impact the UK Singles Chart and was demoted to a promotional single, and a second official single quickly succeeded it.
"Something Really Bad", featuring Will.i.am and produced by Jonas Jeberg, will be released as the second official single from the album on 29 September 2013. The music video premiered on 2 September 2013, and features Will.i.am on a video screen performing his verses, while Dizzee is in-studio dancing with a number of female dancers surrounding him.
Dean Thomas Holness (born 25 July 1976) is an English former professional footballer, sports choreographer and actor best known for his roles as Campbell Hooper in Dream Team and as Danny in Mike Bassett: England Manager. Holness played as a midfielder, and started out with Dulwich Hamlet and Swedish side Umeå, before making two appearances in the Football League with Southend United. He then dropped into non-League football with Fisher Athletic and Banstead Athletic. In 2012 Dean founded the sports choreography company sportsfilms, working with leading brands on sports advertising campaigns for TV and film.
Holness appeared in Sky1 television drama Dream Team as Campbell Hooper in 25 episodes during series four. In 2001, Holness played Danny in comedy film Mike Bassett: England Manager. He also featured in television adverts for McDonald's in 2004.
Holness had spells with Dulwich Hamlet and Swedish team Umeå. He signed for Southend United in July 2001, signing a short term three-month contract. Former Southend player Andy Ansah recommended Holness to manager David Webb after spending time with him in Brazil filming Mike Bassett: England Manager. Holness made two appearances for Southend in the Third Division. His first appearance was in Southend's 1–0 home win over Darlington, being replaced at half-time as a substitute for Mark Rawle. His second and final appearance for Southend was on 27 August, away against Luton Town in the 2–0 defeat, when he came on as a substitute for Daniel Webb in the 85th minute.
In March 2005, Holness signed for Southern League Division One East club Fisher Athletic, before signing for Banstead Athletic in 2006, who played in the Isthmian League First Division.
Dean Holness career statistics at Soccerbase
Dean Holness at the Internet Movie Database
Abū al-Husayn Bajkam al-Mākānī (Arabic: أبو الحسين بجكم المكاني‎‎), referred to as Bajkam, Badjkam or Bachkam (from Bäčkäm, a Persian and Turkish word meaning a horse- or yak-tail), was a Turkish military commander and official of the Abbasid Caliphate. A former ghulam of the Ziyarid dynasty, Bajkam entered Abbasid service following the assassination of the Ziyarid ruler Mardavij in 935. During his five-year tenure at the Caliphate's court at Baghdad, he was granted the title of amir al-umara, consolidating his dominance over the Caliphs ar-Radi and al-Muttaqi and giving him absolute power over their domains. Bajkam was challenged throughout his rule by various opponents, including his predecessor as amir al-umara, Muhammad ibn Ra'iq, the Basra-based Baridis, and the Buyid dynasty of Iran, but he succeeded in retaining control until his death. He was murdered by a party of Kurds during a hunting excursion in 941, shortly after the accession of al-Muttaqi as Caliph. Bajkam was known both for his firm rule and for his patronage of Baghdad intellectuals, who respected and in some cases befriended him. His death led to a void in central power, resulting in a brief period of instability and fighting in Baghdad.
Details of Bajkam's early life are unknown. He was one of the ghilman (military slaves, usually of Turkish origin) of the Daylamite warlord Makan ibn Kaki in northern Iran. Makan took care of the young Bajkam's training and education, something for which the latter showed his gratitude by adopting his patron's name as his nisba (surname). After Makan, Bajkam entered the service of Mardavij, founder of the Ziyarid dynasty, who came to control Daylam, Jibal and Tabaristan. Mardavij mistreated his ghilman, who consequently murdered him at Isfahan in January 935, an act in which Bajkam may have been complicit. After Mardavij's death, most of the ghilman in Ziyarid service dispersed. Bajkam and his fellow officer Tuzun assumed the leadership of a large group and, after first offering their services to the new governor of Jibal, Hasan ibn Harun, proceeded to the Abbasid court at Baghdad. At first, their offers were rejected by the court, where the Caliph's Hujari bodyguards jealously guarded their prerogatives, but the ghilman were eventually taken into the service of Muhammad ibn Ra'iq, governor of Basra and Wasit in southern Iraq. Now known as Bajkam Ra'iqi, Bajkam created a large military force under his command consisting of his own followers as well as additional Turks and Daylamites summoned from Jibal.
In early November 936, the Caliph al-Radi (reigned 934–940) bestowed the newly created title of amir al-umara ("commander of commanders") on Ibn Ra'iq, who was effectively granted absolute control over the Caliphate. This provoked the reaction of various provincial governors as well as that of powerful interest groups in Baghdad itself, such as the caliphal bodyguards. Against them, Ibn Ra'iq employed Bajkam and his Turkish supporters. With their aid, he managed to neutralize the Hujari and Saji guard units, after which, in February 937, Bajkam was rewarded with the posts of sahib al-shurta (chief of police) and governor of the eastern provinces.
Far more difficult and protracted was the war against the ambitious governor of Ahwaz, Abu Abdallah al-Baridi, who aimed to supplant Ibn Ra'iq. Al-Baridi's family was of Basran origin, and had served the Abbasids in various roles as officials before managing to assert a weak hold over Khuzistan. Ibn Ra'iq himself was defeated and forced to leave Basra to the Baridis, but Bajkam saved the situation by scoring two major victories, despite being outnumbered, that allowed him to take possession of Khuzistan. The hard-pressed al-Baridi now turned to his powerful neighbour, the Buyid ruler of Fars, Ali ibn Buya, for help. Ali's brother Ahmad soon took over Khuzistan, and Ibn Ra'iq was forced to offer possession of the province as an independent domain if Bajkam would recover it. Bajkam however was repulsed by the Buyid forces, and fell back to Wasit.
Ignoring Ibn Ra'iq's orders to retake Khuzistan, Bajkam remained at Wasit, and began plotting to depose Ibn Ra'iq himself. To this end, Bajkam began seeking allies: he offered the governorship of Wasit to the Baridis, and through the former vizier Ibn Muqla, who wished to avenge himself on Ibn Ra'iq for his own downfall and confiscation of his property, gained the covert support of Caliph al-Radi himself. In September 938, Bajkam led his troops from Wasit to Baghdad. Ibn Ra'iq tried without success to impede his advance by destroying the great dams of the Nahrawan Canal and flooding the plain, but Bajkam's army entered the Abbasid capital without opposition, and al-Radi immediately transferred Ibn Ra'iq's title of amir al-umara to Bajkam.
Despite the continued relegation of al-Radi to a ceremonial role, the relationship between the Caliph and Bajkam was strong, with al-Radi praising Bajkam for his harsh discipline and referring to the latter as his "protégé". Al-Radi was appreciative of Bajkam's respect for his position as Caliph, and promised his support for the amir al-umara.
In October–November 938, Bajkam and the Caliph campaigned against the influential Hamdanid emir of Mosul, Hasan ibn Abdallah, who had taken advantage of the turmoil in Iraq to cease forwarding his province's revenue to Baghdad. Although Bajkam's army captured Mosul, Hasan fled before him to the remotest corners of his domain, where Bajkam's forces pursued him in vain. In the meantime, the local population resented the presence of the caliphal troops and launched guerilla warfare against them, while Ibn Ra'iq used Bajkam's absence to take control of Baghdad at the head of a Carmathian force. These developments forced Bajkam to negotiate with his rivals: the Hamdanids were restored in their province in exchange for the payment of the tax arrears, and Ibn Ra'iq was bought off with the governorship of the provinces of Tariq al-Furat, Diyar Mudar, Qinnasrin and al-'Awasim, which were also claimed by the Ikhshidids of Egypt. This arrangement allowed Bajkam and the Caliph to return to Baghdad in February 939.
Bajkam, having consolidated his control over Baghdad, now turned to face the threat posed by the Buyids. To this end, he strengthened his ties with the Baridis of Basra, by handing over Wasit, as previously agreed, appointing Abu Abdallah al-Baridi as vizier of the Abbasid court (although the latter remained at Wasit and did not visit Baghdad), and, finally, by marrying himself to one of al-Baridi's daughters. Bajkam's success against the Buyids was mixed: Wasit was saved from Buyid attack, and the Baridis led a successful campaign in Susiana, but an expedition into Jibal was crushed by the third Buyid brother, Hasan. The alliance with the Baridis quickly soured, however, as al-Baridi still maintained his ambition of replacing Bajkam, and ajkam was aware of this. In late August 940, Bajkam removed al-Baridi from the vizierate and launched an attack on Wasit, which the Baridis abandoned without resistance. In the meantime, the Baghdad was in turmoil as religious violence had become commonplace, with fanatical members of the Hanbali school imposing their tenets on the general populace.
In December 940, al-Radi died. Bajkam remained at Wasit, but sent his secretary to Baghdad to convene a council of Abbasid aristocrats, who selected al-Muttaqi (r. 940–944), al-Radi's brother, as Caliph. Bajkam also sent a slave named Takinak to the deceased Caliph's palace, the Dar al-Sultan, to procure various items, including the valuable al-Yatimah pearl. He also obtained three female slaves from al-Radi's palace, whose singing he remembered from his earlier visits to the Caliph.
Among al-Muttaqi's first actions as Caliph was the confirmation of Bajkam as amir al-umara. Despite al-Muttaqi's gesture of support, Bajkam still faced opposition among the semi-autonomous provincial governors, including al-Baridi.
Bajkam opened a campaign against al-Baridi in early spring 941. His lieutenants were at first defeated by the Baridis, whereupon Bajkam himself left Wasit to take the field. On his way to join his army, however, he was informed that his generals had achieved a major victory over the Baridis, and decided to return to Wasit. On 21 April 941, while travelling, he took part in a hunting excursion, during which he and his party inadvertently encountered a band of Kurdish brigands. During a brief skirmish, Bajkam was slain when one of the Kurds stabbed him in the back with his lance.
Bajkam's unexpected death created a power vacuum in Baghdad, with disagreements between Daylamite and Turkish forces prompting the former to join the defeated al-Baridi. With their assistance, he marched on Wasit and Baghdad, capturing them, but was soon forced to flee due to the disorder that followed his usurpation of power. A Daylamite chief named Kurankij replaced him as de facto ruler of Baghdad, but he imposed tyrannical rule, and al-Muttaqi appealed to the former amir al-umara Ibn Ra'iq for assistance.
Ibn Ra'iq soon retook control of Baghdad, but political turmoil did not cease with his re-installation as amir al-umara. Once again, al-Baridi captured the city, and Ibn Ra'iq fled with the Caliph to Mosul, from where the Hamdanid rulers launched a successful attempt to restore them. The Hamdanid emir Hasan, after ordering the assassination of Ibn Ra'iq, was made amir al-umara and given the laqab of Nasir al-Dawla ("Defender of the Dynasty"). In 943, the Hamdanids were forced to retreat to Mosul when Tuzun, one of Bajkam's officers, seized power with military support; the following year, Tuzun captured, blinded, and deposed al-Muttaqi, assuming the role of amir al-umara. The Caliph's brother, al-Mustakfi (r. 944–946), was appointed as his successor. The competition for control of the Caliph ended in 945, when the Buyid Ahmad took over the position of amir al-umara with the title of Mu'izz al-Dawla. This begun the period of undisputed Buyid control over Baghdad and Iraq, which lasted until the Seljuk conquest in the 1050s.
Despite his slave origin, Bajkam was educated in Arabic (although he reportedly did not speak it for fear of making mistakes), respected by intellectuals and was known to seek the company of such men as al-Suli and the physician Sinan ibn Thabit. It is in their writings that glimpses of his character survive. According to the researcher Marius Canard, Bajkam was "covetous of power and money, he did not hesitate to resort to dissimulation and ruse, corruption and torture to attain his ends; he was at times cruel, though his bravery was legendary, and was more upright in character than Ibn Ra'iq". Bajkam was also solicitous for the welfare of his subjects, and especially the inhabitants of Wasit cherished his memory.
KLFA League is the league under supervises from Kuala Lumpur Football Association. Several clubs like Felda United F.C., Sime Darby F.C. and Putrajaya SPA F.C. has been played in this league before joining the M-League. In this league, the club wins the league, the club will promote to competing Malaysia FAM League. PLUS F.C. join back into this league after the club withdraw from Malaysia Super League. Also KL Pos Malaysia FC joins after the team name was renamed as DRB-Hicom F.C..
Rapid KL FC
Sime Darby Plantation FC
Putrajaya SPA F.C. (using U-20 squad)
DRB-Hicom F.C. (using U-20 squad)
FELCRA FC
Putrajaya KPKT United FC
MOF F.C.
PLUS F.C.
CIMB Bank FC
Pos Malaysia FC
DBKL FC
RHB Bank FC
KL City Boys FC
Putrajaya JPA FC
Maybank FC
KL Wangsa Maju Young FC (using U-20 squad)
KL Wangsa Maju Hawk FC
Setapakian Ali Maju FC
IMU FC
Livebird NST FC
Malaysia Airlines Systems FC
Kolej Tunku Abdul Rahman FC (using U-20 squad)
Sunway Universiti Kolej FC (using U-20 squad)
Pulapol Young FC (using U-20 squad)
The Eastern Suburbs Tigers are a rugby league club based at Langlands Park, which is in the suburb of Coorparoo in Brisbane, Australia. They competed in the Brisbane Rugby League from 1934 to 1996. From 1996 they have competed in the Queensland Cup. Their jersey is traditionally an all gold jersey with two black 'V's. In recent years they have included white in their jersey.
Easts had competed as Coorparoo in the Brisbane Rugby League premiership from 1917. A highlight of the 1920s was the signing of South Sydney star, Harold Horder as their captain-coach in 1924 and 1925. With the move to district football in 1933 a new club, the Eastern Suburbs District Rugby League club, was formed.
The club struggled on the field during the 1930s and 1940s and was in severe financial trouble. In 1946, the club was successfully revived after suffering many defeats during the war years with the re-election of A.G. (Taffy) Welch as club president and the implementation of a completely new management committee. In 1946 no less than twelve teams were registered with the Brisbane Rugby League. Of these teams, ten were semi finalists and seven made the grand finals. The main object was to present to the public a really strong first grade team. The next year, 1947, saw what would probably be the greatest side fielded by the club. Every trophy competed for in the BRL competition and Premiership were won and had no fewer than eleven players selected for Brisbane's Bulimba Cup team.
The Tigers won their next premiership in 1950, and in 1951 Easts contested the Grand Final being beaten by Southern Suburbs, This meant that, since the revival of the club in 1946, they had played six finals in succession. They reached the semis in 1952 and the grand final in 1953 where they were beaten again by Souths. In 1954, they failed to make the top four so, for the first time in eight years they failed to compete in the semi-finals. The club was to win the Peter Scott Memorial Trophy in the 1960 season but did not have success again until they won the pre-season competition in 1969.
The 15-year premiership drought forced club officials to search for a top coach and in 1965 former international, Clive Churchill was engaged to try to mould the team into a premiership 13. The effect was the club's appearance in the 1968 Grand Final against Past Brothers. Although they lost the Grand Final it sparked a resurgence in Easts' performance for years to come and the Tigers won the Woolworths pre-season competition in 1969.
The captain-coach Des Morris, a great success to the club provided Easts with numerous Final's appearances and Grand Final victories throughout the 70's. This was through the help of arguably the best Queensland Five-eighth before King Wally, Stephen Farquhar.
In the Queensland Wizard Cup era, the Tigers have made the Grand Final twice although having lost both matches, the first to the Redcliffe Dolphins in 1997 and most recently losing to the Burleigh Bears in a memorable extra-time final in 2004.
The Club is currently led by President, Keith Philips and Chief Executive Officer, Des Morris who continues an association with the Club that dates back to 1968. In 2008, the year of the centenary of rugby league in Australia, the Club will celebrate its seventy-fifth anniversary. 2013, the Easts Tigers will begin celebrations for the clubs '80 year Anniversary'(1933-2013).
On 20 January 2011, through BASES an entertainment group, Easts Tigers began transmission of a fan-service to help boost the profile of the club and its players called TigerTV, in 2012 TigerTV began live broadcasting of entire matches via the internet; TigerTV is airing original video content with web-shows "Upfront with Kel" and "Offside with Ethan James".
Easts Tigers were the last team in the Queensland Cup to follow the trend of becoming affiliated with a team from the National Rugby League. At the end of the 2006 NRL season the New South Wales club South Sydney Rabbitohs announced an alliance with the Tigers as a feeder club for the NRL side.
At the end of the 2007 season it was announced that the Rabbitohs and Easts would no longer be affiliated due to various conflicting issues, the Tigers instead looked closer to home and struck an affiliate deal with the Brisbane Broncos. The Broncos have no reserve team for 2008 with former feeder teams the Toowoomba Clydesdales and Aspley Broncos not entering teams into the 2008 Queensland Cup. For Brisbane, it's another avenue to bring players back from injury and cover the representative drain and in return it gives the Tigers a pathway for some of their players to crack the NRL.
At the end of the 2010 NRL season the Victorian club Melbourne Storm announced an alliance with the Tigers as a feeder club for their NRL side. The partnership with Brisbane Easts Tigers allowed the Melbourne Storm to tap into the Tigers' current recruitment and development systems in Queensland, as well as providing a club for young Queenslanders recruited by the Melbourne Storm to play at and develop without having to relocate to Melbourne.
In 2008, the Eastern Suburbs Tigers named their 75 Year "Dream Team", which included players from 1933 to 2007. The team consists of 13 players who have played more than 50 games for the club, chosen by a panel of experts.
Neville Broadfoot
Bill Christie
Bob Hagan
Arther Henderson
John Lang
Rod Morris
Tonie Carroll
Paul Khan
Wayne Lindenberg
Des Morris
Darren Smith
Kev Stephens
Roger kuhn (rugby league) fullback
Danny Ryan (rugby league) forward
Christian Welch
Noah Callan GC Titans
Since the inception of the Queensland Cup in 1996 Easts Tigers have been fairly successful. Reaching the Grand Final on four occasions, they consistently place in the top half of the table usually making the finals. In nineteen years they have made the finals eleven times.
1996 - 4th
1997 - Runners Up - 2nd
1998 - 9th
1999 - 5th
2000 - 3rd
2001 - 4th
2002 - 4th
2003 - 9th
2004 - Runners Up - 2nd
2005 - 8th
2006 - 3rd
2007 - 5th
2008 - 7th
2009 - 9th
2010 - 11th
2011 - 8th
2012 - 6th
2013 - Runners Up - 2nd
2014 - Runners Up - 2nd
2015 - 4th
The FOGS Cup is an 11-team competition that is the level below the Queensland Wizard Cup. Easts Tigers have had a team in the Cup since its inception in 2001 and have been the most successful club to date, winning the premiership 4 from 6 years.
2001 - Premiers
2002 - Premiers
2003 - Runners-up (2nd)
2004 - Premiers
2005 - Premiers
2006 - Semi-Finalists (4th)
2008 - Premiers
2009 -
2010 -
2011 -
2012 - Premiers
2013 - Premiers
2014 - Premiers
2015 - 3rd
Eastern Suburbs Tigers History retrieved 7 December 2005
Eastern Suburbs Tigers Statistics retrieved 7 December 2005
Rhinotragus monnei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Clarke in 2012.
St Johnston, officially Saint Johnstown (Irish: Baile Suingean), is a village, townland, and electoral division in County Donegal in Ireland. It is in the Laggan district of East Donegal on the left bank of the River Foyle. It is in the civil parish of Taughboyne and barony of Raphoe North, on the R236 (Lifford–Newtowncunningham) road where it overlaps the R265 (Carrigans– Raphoe) road. The village is about 12 km south of Derry.
St. Baithin's Church, the Catholic parish church in the village, was designed by E. W. Godwin, the mid-Victorian British architect. It is a neo-Gothic structure that was built between 1857 and 1860.
St. Johnston Presbyterian Church, located on the Derry Road, is the other main structure within the village. Parts of this church may date back to around 1724. However, most of the present neo-Gothic structure was built in the early nineteenth century. The 'thin' neo-Gothic tower was built in 1849. This church, which is owned by the Presbyterian Church in Ireland, was severely damaged by a lightning strike in the mid-1980s. The tower of the church was particularly damaged. The building, however, which serves the large Ulster Scots Presbyterian community in this part of The Laggan, had been fully restored by around 1990.
Mongavlin Castle (also known as Mongevlin Castle), a ruined castle, approx 3 km south of the town. It was once a stronghold of the O'Donnell's, Lords of Tyrconnell. In the sixteenth century Mongevlin was the chief residence of Ineen Dubh, the daughter of MacDonnell, Lord of the Isles and mother of Red Hugh O'Donnell. When Ineen Dubh came to Ireland to marry Aodh mac Maghnusa Ó Domhnaill, she brought a force of 100 of the biggest men she could find in Scotland for protection. 80 of these were of the name Crawford. When Mongavlin was eventually abandoned, the Crawfords settled and married in the locality. Many of their descendants can still be found in the area to this day. On 23 July 1610 Mongevlin Castle and its lands were granted to Ludovic Stewart, 2nd Duke of Lennox, as part of the Ulster Plantation. On the death of Ludovic on 16 February 1624 the title of Duke of Lennox and the castle and lands at Mongavlin passed to his brother Esme (3rd Duke of Lennox). Esmé had married Katherine Clifton, 2nd Baroness Clifton in 1609 and after his death in August 1624, Katherine then married James Hamilton (2nd Earl of Abercorn) circa 1632.
A borough was established at the site in the reign of James I of England during the Plantation. St Johnstown Borough was a borough constituency in the House of Commons of Ireland from about 1619 to the Acts of Union 1800. The borough was a rotten borough and the settlement never more than a village.
James II of England passed through on his way to the Siege of Derry in 1690. From St Johnston he sent a letter proposing surrender, which was rejected.
St Johnston Cricket Club – Founded in 1898. They play in the North West Cricket League Championship (Second) Division.
Kildrum Tigers Football Club – Founded in 1948. . They play in the Ulster Senior League.
St. Johnston Bowling Club – They play in the Donegal Indoor Bowling League Division One.
St. Johnston Pres. Bowling Club – They play in the Donegal Indoor Bowling League Division One.
St. Johnston Resource Centre Bowling Club – They play in the Donegal Indoor Bowling League Division One.
The town had a station on the Great Northern Railway (the GNR) which was closed in 1965.
The nearest railway station now is operated by Northern Ireland Railways (NIR) and runs from Waterside Station in Derry, via Coleraine, to both Central Station and Great Victoria Street Station in Belfast. The strategically important Belfast-Derry railway line is to be upgraded to facilitate more frequent trains and improvements to the permanent way such as track and signalling to enable faster services.
Tommy Peoples – musician and fiddler
Seán McBride – songwriter. Wrote "The Homes of Donegal" in 1955. Most famously recorded by Strabane man Paul Brady. He was a School teacher in St. Baithin's national school for most of his life. Died in 1996.
Oliver Bond – Irish rebel, member of the Society of United Irishmen. Possibly born in St. Johnston in 1760. Died in Kilmainham Gaol in 1798.
List of towns and villages in the Republic of Ireland
St. Johnston & Carrigans Resource Centre
NW Cricket League 2
Ulster Senior League (Association Football)
Obrochishte is a village in Balchik Municipality, Dobrich Province, northeastern Bulgaria.
"Kamen/Mirai Kōkai" is Tackey & Tsubasa's fifth single under the Avex Trax label.
The first a-side song "Kamen" was used as the theme song for the Japanese version of the movie Mask 2. The other a-side song "Mirai Kōkai" was used as the ending theme song for the anime One Piece.
Sample of Kamen's translated lyrics:
"Kamen (仮面)" (Hideyuki Obata, Mikio Sakai) - 5:06
"Mirai Kōkai (未来航海)" (Kousuke Morimoto, Mikiko Tagata) - 4:02
"Romantic" (Takeshi, Takashi Iioka) - 4:05
"Kamen: karaoke" - 5:06
"Mirai Kōkai: karaoke" - 4:03
"Kamen (仮面) Video Clip" - 5:07
Takizawa Hideaki - vocals
Imai Tsubasa - vocals
May 6, 2005 - Music Station
Oricon Sales Chart (Japan)
As of June 2005, "Kamen / Mirai Kōkai" has been certified gold for shipments of over 100,000 by the Recording Industry Association of Japan. [2] 
^ Translated Lyrics
^   
Belmont School may refer to:
in Australia
Belmont High School (Victoria), Australia
Belmont City College, a state secondary school in Perth, Western Australia.
in Canada
Belmont Elementary School (Langley, British Columbia), a bilingual public elementary school in Langley, British Columbia, Canada
Belmont Secondary School, located in Langford, British Columbia, Canada
in New Zealand
Belmont Intermediate School, located in Belmont, North Shore City, Auckland, New Zealand
in the United Kingdom
Belmont, the preparatory school of the Mill Hill School Foundation
Belmont High School, Private School for boys aged 11-16 Rawtenstall, England
Belmont Academy, the largest secondary school in Ayr, and the 6th largest in Scotland
Belmont House School, Glasgow, United Kingdom
Belmont Community School, a comprehensive school in Belmont, County Durham, England
Belmont Prep School, a co-educational prep school near Holmbury St. Mary, Surrey
in the United States
Belmont High School (Los Angeles, California), United States
Belmont High School (Belmont, Massachusetts), United States
Belmont High School (Belmont, Mississippi), United States
Belmont Hill School, located in Belmont, a suburb of Boston, Massachusetts, United States
Belmont High School (New Hampshire), United States
Belmont Preparatory High School, The Bronx, New York City, New York United States
Belmont Middle School, a public middle school in the Gaston County Schools school district located in Belmont, North Carolina, United States
Belmont High School (Dayton, Ohio), United States
Belmont School (Philadelphia, Pennsylvania), listed on the National Register of Historic Places in west Philadelphia
Belmont High School (Belmont, Wisconsin), United States
Belmont - Redwood Shores School District, a school district in California, United States that serves the Belmont and Redwood Shores areas
Belmont Elementary School District, a school district in California, United States
Belmont Public Schools, a school district that serves Belmont, Massachusetts, United States
Rehali is situated in Shajapur tehsil and located in Shajapur district of Madhya Pradesh, India. It is one of 152 villages in Shajapur Block along with villages like Jahanpur and Bhumree. Nearby railway station of Rehali is Shajapur.
The Rehali
Sankeshwar (Kannada ಸಂಕೇಶ್ವರ) is a town located in Hukkeri taluka, Belagavi district, in Karnataka. It is located on AH47 (Previously National Highway 4). It is 50 km north of Belgaum. It is located on the bank of the Hiranyakeshi river.
Sankeshwar is located at 16.27°N 74.48°E﻿ / 16.27; 74.48. It has an average elevation of 638 metres (2093 feet).
As of 2011 India census, Sankeshwar had a population of 34,445. Males constitute 51% of the population and females 49%. Sankeshwar has an average literacy rate of 67%, higher than the national average of 59.5%: male literacy is 75%, and female literacy is 59%. 13% of the population is under 6 years of age. Kannada language is the major language spoken here.
Places to visit
Hiranyakeshi River
Shankarling temple
Banshanksri temple
Jain Basadi
Kolal-Gutti Gudda
Hargapurgad
Vitthal mandir
Neelagar Ganapati
Sankeshwar Town Municipal Council
Rita is a 1959 Australian TV play starring Rosalind Keene. It is a recording of an opera by Donezeti.
It was directed by Alan Burke, one of several operas he directed for the ABC that year.
List of live television plays broadcast on Australian Broadcasting Corporation (1950s)
Rita at IMDB
Grabów [ˈɡrabuf] is a village in Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Grabów. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-west of Łęczyca and 50 km (31 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 1,300.
Lambda Cephei is a fifth magnitude blue supergiant star in the constellation Cepheus, one of the hottest and most luminous visible to the naked eye.
It is a hot O6.5 supergiant star at a distance of approximately 1,980 light years, whose absolute brightness around half a million times the Sun. Its radius is around 20 times that of the Earth's host star, with a mass that has been estimated to be between 45 and 60 solar masses.
Lambda Cephei turns around its axis in less than three days compared to the 24.47 days that the Sun needs to complete a full rotation and seems to be single, with no companions. Its ultimate fate is to explode as a supernova leaving behind a neutron star or perhaps a black hole.
Lambda Cephei is also a runaway star that seems to have been expelled of the stellar association Cepheus OB3, that lies at 2,800 light-years, roughly 2,5 million years ago. Its motion through the interstellar medium is producing a shockwave in front of the gases that surround it and in the direction towards it moves.
http://stars.astro.illinois.edu/Sow/lambdacep.html
Dissertation, Honey is the debut studio album by San Diego band The Plot to Blow Up the Eiffel Tower, released on the Happy Couples Never Last label on June 17, 2003. Note that the intro and outro songs, "Exhibitionism" and "Monotonous" are excerpts from poet Kailani Amerson in one of her spoken verse sessions.
All tracks by The Plot To Blow Up The Eiffel Tower
"Exhibitionism" – 1:02
"Sometimes I Wish I'd Lost a Leg" – 1:33
"One Stab Deserves Another" – 2:49
"Funeral Procession" – 1:28
"For Marcus" – 2:53
"Johnny, You're All Grown Up" – 2:12
"Her Health Violation" – 1:37
"Attached to the Hip" – 3:12
"Circuit" – 1:51
"It's in His Kiss" – 1:37
"Comeback 1968" – 1:19
"Safety is Of" – 2:33
"Monotonous" – 1:25
Brandon Welchez - vocals, saxophone
Dan Maier - bass
Charles Rowell - guitar
Brian Hill - drums
Harold Gustav "Hal" Dick (January 19, 1907 – September 3, 1997) was an American mechanical engineer employed by Goodyear, who flew on almost all of the Hindenburg flights. He was called to the UK for a meeting before the last flight of the Hindenburg and was not aboard during the disaster. Dick earned his balloon and dirigible pilot licenses in 1930 from Orville Wright.
Harold Dick was born in Lawrence, Massachusetts and died in Wichita, Kansas.
Harold G. Dick Airship Collection — biography of Harold G. Dick
Postcards from Harold G. Dick Airship Collection Dick, Harold
The Golden Age of the Great Passenger Airships: The Collection of Harold G. Dick
Clayton is a town in Pushmataha County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 1,012 at the 2010 census.
Clayton was formerly known as Dexter. A United States Post Office was established at Dexter, Indian Territory on March 31, 1894 and was named for Dexter Chapman, early-day resident.
Dexter was located in Wade County, Choctaw Nation.
The official name of the post office name changed to Clayton, Indian Territory on April 5, 1907. Its name is thought to have been derived from Clayton, Missouri. It is also possible the town renamed itself after William H.H. Clayton, judge of the U.S. Court for the Central District of Indian Territory. Judge Clayton was prominent in the role to gain Oklahoma’s statehood.
Clayton is the largest town or community in northern Pushmataha County. It is the region’s largest trading center due to its relative distance from the county seat of Antlers—36 miles.
Flagpole Mountain retains a fire tower. Built of metal and several stories tall, it was once part of a network of towers, all manned, from which a fire watch was maintained. It is the only tower remaining in Pushmataha County, although it is no longer operational. Views from the tower offer a panorama stretching for many miles in any direction.
Clayton, as regional trading center, remains economically healthy, with a locally based economy. It is currently home to a public school, several churches, and numerous businesses and homes.
During recent years the Clayton High School Auditorium (Oklahoma) has become recognized as an architecturally and historically significant building, and has been added to the National Register of Historic Places. The building was found to be a very unusual example of Works Progress Administration architecture—one of only two known single-use auditoriums constructed by the WPA.
On February 13, 2015, approximately 5% of the town population was arrested in a methamphetamine drug sweep. 
More information on the history of Clayton may be found in the Pushmataha County Historical Society.
Clayton is located at 34°35′16″N 95°21′25″W (34.587698, -95.357077). According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of 1.7 square miles (4.4 km 2 ), of which 1.7 square miles (4.4 km 2 ) is land and 0.58% is water.
Using the Public Land Survey System in use in Oklahoma the community is located in T6-1N-R19E.
Clayton, located in the Kiamichi River valley, is framed on its west by Flagpole Mountain (1,562 ft.) and to its east by unnamed mountains topping 1,600 feet in elevation. Within a few miles of Clayton is scenic McKinley Rocks, a collection of massive boulders strewn across a mountain top. South of Clayton is Clayton Lake State Park—which is surrounded by a pine tree forest—and northwest of town is Sardis Lake (Oklahoma), a U.S. Army Corps of Engineers dam which impounds the water of Jack’s Fork Creek. The Pushmataha Wildlife Refuge is also nearby, featuring scenic views from its mountain summit.
As of the census of 2000, there were 719 people, 335 households, and 191 families residing in the town. The population density was 424.0 people per square mile (163.3/km²). There were 404 housing units at an average density of 238.3 per square mile (91.8/km²). The racial makeup of the town was 74.41% White, 19.33% Native American, and 6.26% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.70% of the population.
There were 335 households out of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.8% were married couples living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.7% were non-families. 40.0% of all households were made up of individuals and 22.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.88.
In the town the population was spread out with 25.3% under the age of 18, 7.9% from 18 to 24, 23.8% from 25 to 44, 22.9% from 45 to 64, and 20.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 83.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.8 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $63,516, and the median income for a family was $93,269. Males had a median income of $63,750 versus $57,556 for females. The per capita income for the town was $39,530. Below the poverty line were 8.8% of people, 31.3% of families, 49.4% of those under 18 and 37.0% of those over 64.
Encyclopedia of Oklahoma History and Culture - Clayton
KYT
Koyote
Kagoshima Yomiuri Television (鹿児島讀賣テレビ, Kagoshima Yomiuri Terebi, (Kagoshima Yomiuri Television) - in Kagoshima, Japan
Walwick is a village in Northumberland, England near Hadrian's Wall. Nearby villages include Humshaugh, Chollerford and Low Brunton.
Walwick is in the parliamentary constituency of Hexham.
A constitutional referendum was held in French Somaliland on 5 May 1946 as part of the wider French constitutional referendum. The proposed new constitution was rejected by 60% of voters in the territory, and 53% of voters overall.
Vila Verde (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈvilɐ ˈveɾð(ɨ)]) is a municipality in the district of Braga in Portugal. The population in 2011 was 47,888, in an area of 228.67 km².
The present Mayor is António Vilela, of the Social Democratic Party. The municipal holiday is June 13.
The county of Vila Verde has a little bit over 150 years of existence, and is one of the biggest counties in the Minho Province.
Administratively, the municipality is divided into 33 civil parishes (freguesias):
Vila Verde and surrounding region have many historical monuments.
Penegate Tower
Municipality official website
Outlaws Of The Lost Dynasty, known in Japan as Suiko Enbu (水滸演武), is a 1995 fighting arcade game developed and published by Data East. It was one of the first games developed for Sega's ST-V arcade board.
For generations, people have believed in the Chinese myth known as the Dark Legend. It occurs sometime in the 11th or 12th century when China plunges into a state of total anarchy, when power-hungry warlords rebel against the central government. To regain control over his empire, the emperor devises a cunning plan. He prepares for the ultimate conquest for his most ambitious rivals, a challenge that no warlord is able to resist as the rewards are unimaginable. The victor will be endowed with incredible abilities and possess ultimate power, not to mention unlimited wealth. The triumph is absolute as defeat means death. Thousands of fearless warriors battle among themselves with special fighting abilities.
The game has eleven playable characters and many locations around China to choose from. Each character fights with his/her own unique weapon while some are unarmed. If the weapon is used to block attacks too often, the character will only be able to fight with his/her bare hands and lose the weapon for the rest of the round. Fighting moves are classified under low, medium and hard in terms of attack power, in order of increasing amount of damage dealt to an opponent. Each character also has his/her own special attack to use against the opponent.
The game takes place in Liangshan Marsh, where 12 of the strongest outlaws out of 108 gather to test their battle skills against each other while the Gods of War watch from above. The characters are inspired by the 108 outlaws from the Chinese classical novel Water Margin by Shi Naian.
In 1996, Data East ported Outlaws Of The Lost Dynasty to the Sega Saturn and PlayStation platforms. Despite the North American arcade being titled Outlaws of the Lost Dynasty, the North American home version was retitled as Dark Legend, while the Japanese title remains unchanged in the Japanese home versions. The Japanese port includes both an Original Mode, the mode that plays just like the arcade version, and a Special Mode, which adds extra moves. There is also a beginner mode that can be accessed by pressing the L or R button at the same time. In 2P Battle mode, Makoto Mizoguchi from the Fighter's History series (also by Data East) can be unlocked. The North American version is an update from the Japanese version and was translated for the American audience; however, most of the Japanese text and voice samples remained. Some of the options were removed, as well as the option demo play. Unlike the Japanese version, this version lacks the Arcade Mode, it defaults to Special Mode instead.
A Japan-exclusive semi-sequel titled Suiko Enbu: Fuunsaiki (水滸演武 風雲再起) was later released only for the Sega Saturn, which featured several new and updated features. Along with Makoto Mizoguchi, another character from the Fighter's History series name Liu Yungmie was added to the roster.
In 2009, G-Mode ported the PlayStation version of Outlaws Of The Lost Dynasty over to the PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Portable in Japan. This port was later released in North America on October 4, 2010 and May 16, 2012 in Europe.
Outlaws Of The Lost Dynasty at Hardcore Gaming 101
Outlaws of the Lost Dynasty at the Killer List of Videogames
Outlaws Of The Lost Dynasty at arcade-history
Goszyce [ɡɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocmyrzów-Luborzyca, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 19 km (12 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.
Frankenstein's monster, sometimes known as Frankenstein, is a fictional character whose fictional creator was Victor Frankenstein. The monster first appeared, without any name, in Mary Shelley's 1818 novel Frankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus. Shelley's title thus compares Victor Frankenstein to the mythological character Prometheus who fashioned humans out of clay and gave them fire. Although nameless in Shelley's novel, the creature took on the name "Frankenstein" in later years.
In Shelley's Gothic story, Victor Frankenstein builds the creature in his laboratory through an ambiguous method consisting of chemistry and alchemy. Shelley describes the monster as 8-foot-tall (2.4 m), hideously ugly, but sensitive and emotional. The monster attempts to fit into human society, but is shunned, which leads him to seek revenge against his creator. According to the scholar Joseph Carroll, the monster occupies "a border territory between the characteristics that typically define protagonists and antagonists".
The monster being an amalgamation of diseased hosts and resurrected through eletricity is analogous to modern biomedical breakthroughs, such as defibrillation and organ transplantation sciences.
Mary Shelley's original novel never ascribes an actual name to the monster; although the monster does call himself, when speaking to his creator, Victor Frankenstein, the "Adam of your labours" (in reference to the first man created in the Bible). Victor refers to the monster as "creature", "fiend", "spectre", "the demon", "wretch", "devil", "thing", "being", and "ogre".
It has become common vernacular to refer to the creature by the name "Frankenstein", though this never actually happens in the book. In addition to this, calling the monster "Frankenstein" sometimes results in confusion with his creator, Victor Frankenstein.
As in Mary Shelley's story, the monster's namelessness became a central part of the stage adaptations in London and Paris during the decades after the novel's first appearance. In 1823, Shelley herself attended a performance of Presumption, the first successful stage adaptation of her novel. "The play bill amused me extremely, for in the list of dramatis personae came _________, by Mr T. Cooke," she wrote to her friend Leigh Hunt. "This nameless mode of naming the unnameable is rather good."
Within a decade of publication, the name of the creator—Frankenstein—was used to refer to the monster, but it did not become firmly established until much later. The story was adapted for the stage in 1927 by Peggy Webling, and Webling's Victor Frankenstein does give the creature his name. However, the monster has no name in the Universal film series starring Boris Karloff during the 1930s, which was largely based upon Webling's play. The 1931 Universal film treated the monster's identity in a similar way as Shelley's novel: in the opening credits, the character is referred to merely as "The Monster" (the actor's name is replaced by a question mark but Karloff is listed in the closing credits). Nevertheless, the creature soon enough became best known in the popular imagination as "Frankenstein". This usage is sometimes considered erroneous, but usage commentators regard the monster sense of "Frankenstein" as well-established and not an error.
Modern practice varies somewhat. For example, In Dean Koontz's Frankenstein, first published in 2004, the creature is named "Deucalion", after the character from Greek Mythology, who is the son of the titan Prometheus, a reference to the original novel's title. Another example is the second episode of Showtime's Penny Dreadful, which first aired in 2014; Victor Frankenstein briefly considers naming his creation "Adam", before deciding instead to let the monster "pick his own name". Thumbing through a book of the works of Shakespeare, the monster chooses "Proteus" from The Two Gentlemen of Verona. It is later revealed that Proteus is actually the second monster Frankenstein has created, with the first, abandoned creation having been named "Caliban", from The Tempest, by the theatre actor who took him in.
As told by Mary Shelley, Victor Frankenstein builds the creature in his laboratory through an ambiguously described scientific method consisting of chemistry (from his time as a student at University of Ingolstadt) and alchemy (largely based on the writings of Paracelsus, Albertus Magnus, and Cornelius Agrippa). The creature horrifies Frankenstein who disavows the experiment. Frightened, and unaware of his own identity, the monster wanders through the wilderness. He finds brief solace beside a remote cottage inhabited by a family of peasants. Eavesdropping, the creature familiarizes himself with their lives and learns to speak, whereby he becomes eloquent, educated, and well-mannered.
The creature eventually introduces himself to the family's blind father, who treats him with kindness. When the rest of the family returns, they drive him away. Hopeful but bewildered, the creature rescues a peasant girl from a river, but is shot in the shoulder by a man who claims her. He swears revenge on Frankenstein for abandoning him to such intolerance, and accordingly kills Victor's younger brother William. When Frankenstein retreats to the mountains, the monster approaches him at the summit and pleads for a female equivalent to mitigate his loneliness. Frankenstein agrees, but, aghast at the possibility of creating a race of monsters, abandons the agreement. In response, the creature kills Frankenstein's best friend, and later kills Frankenstein's bride; whereupon Frankenstein's father dies of grief. Searching for the creature in the Arctic Circle, the scientist falls into the freezing water, contracting severe pneumonia. A ship exploring the region encounters the dying Victor, who relates his story to the captain. Later, the creature boards the ship; but, upon finding his creator dead, is full of grief and pledges to incinerate himself at "the Northernmost extremity of the globe". He then departs, apparently never to be seen again.
Shelley described Frankenstein's monster as an 8-foot-tall (2.4 m), hideously ugly creation, with translucent yellowish skin pulled so taut over the body that it "barely disguised the workings of the arteries and muscles underneath"; watery, glowing eyes, flowing black hair, black lips, and prominent white teeth. The monster attempts to integrate himself into human social patterns, but is shunned by all who see him. This compels him to seek revenge against his creator. A picture of the creature appeared in the 1831 edition. Early stage portrayals dressed him in a toga, shaded, along with the monster's skin, a pale blue. Throughout the 19th century, the monster's image remained variable according to the artist.
The best-known image of the Frankenstein monster in popular culture derives from Boris Karloff's portrayal in the 1931 movie Frankenstein, in which he wore makeup applied, and according to a format designed by, Jack P. Pierce and possibly suggested by director James Whale; Universal Studios, which released the film, was quick to secure ownership of the copyright for the makeup format. Karloff played the monster in two more Universal films, The Bride Of Frankenstein and Son of Frankenstein; Lon Chaney, Jr. took over the part from Karloff in The Ghost of Frankenstein; Bela Lugosi portrayed the role in Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man; and Glenn Strange played the monster in the last three Universal Studios films to feature the character--House of Frankenstein, House of Dracula, and Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein. But their makeup replicated the iconic look first worn by Karloff. To this day, the image of Karloff's face is owned by his daughter's company, Karloff Enterprises, for which Universal replaced Karloff's features with Glenn Strange's in most of their marketing.
Since Karloff's portrayal, the creature almost always appears as a towering, undead-like figure, often with a flat-topped angular head and bolts on his neck to serve as electrical connectors or grotesque electrodes. He wears a dark suit having shortened coat sleeves and thick, heavy boots, causing him to walk with an awkward, stiff-legged gait (as opposed to the novel, in which he is described as much more flexible than a human). This image has influenced the creation of other fictional characters, such as the Hulk.
In the 1973 TV mini-series Frankenstein: The True Story, a different approach was taken in depicting the monster. Michael Sarrazin appears as a strikingly handsome man who later degenerates into a grotesque monster due to a flaw in the creation process.
In the 1994 film Mary Shelley's Frankenstein, the creature is played by Robert De Niro in a nearer approach to the original source, except this version gives the creature balding grey hair and a body covered in bloody stitches. He is, as in the novel, motivated by pain and loneliness. In this version, his brain is Doctor Waldman's, while his body is made from a man who killed Waldman while resisting a vaccination. He retains "trace memories" that apparently help him quickly learn to speak and read.
In the 2004 film Van Helsing, the monster is shown in a somewhat modernized version of the Karloff design. He is 8 to 9 feet (240–270 cm) tall, has square bald head, gruesome scars, and pale green skin. The electricity is emphasized with one electrified dome in the back of his head and another over his heart. It also has hydraulic pistons in its legs, essentially rendering the design as a steam-punk cyborg. Although not as eloquent as in the novel, this version of the creature is intelligent and relatively nonviolent.
In 2004 a TV mini-series adaptation of Frankenstein was made by Hallmark. Luke Goss plays The Creature. This adaptation more closely resembles the creature as described in the novel. The creature is intelligent and articulate and has flowing, dark hair and watery eyes. Being among the more accurate depictions to the novel, he does not have the 1931 design of neck electrodes or flat head.
The 2014 TV series Penny Dreadful also rejects the Karloff design in favor of Shelley's description. This version of the creature has the flowing dark hair described by Shelley, although he departs from her description by having pale grey (opaque) skin and obvious scars along the right side of his face. Otherwise, the well-spoken creature can easily pass for a human, being only slightly taller than average. In the series, Frankenstein makes a second and third creature, becoming more and more indistinguishable from normal humans.
As depicted by Shelley, the monster is a sensitive, emotional creature whose only aim is to share his life with another sentient being like himself. The novel and film versions portrayed him as versed in Paradise Lost, Plutarch's Lives, and The Sorrows of Young Werther.
From the beginning the monster is rejected by everyone he meets. He realizes from the moment of his "birth" that even his own creator cannot stand being around him; this is obvious when Frankenstein says "…one hand was stretched out, seemingly to detain me, but I escaped…" Upon seeing his own reflection, he realizes that he too cannot stand to see himself. His greatest desire is to find love and acceptance; but when that desire is denied, he swears revenge on his creator.
Contrary to many film versions, the creature in the novel is very articulate and eloquent in his way of speaking. He can speak quickly and he can enunciate well. Almost immediately after his creation, he dresses himself; and within eleven months, he can speak and read German and French. By the end of the novel, the creature appears able to speak English fluently as well. The Van Helsing and Penny Dreadful interpretations of the character have similar personalities to the literary original, although the latter version is the only one to retain the character's violent reactions to rejection.
In the 1931 film adaptation, the creature is depicted as mute and almost infantile. In the subsequent sequel, Bride of Frankenstein, the creature learns to speak, albeit in short, stunted sentences. In the second sequel, Son of Frankenstein, the creature is again rendered inarticulate. Following a brain transplant in the third sequel, The Ghost of Frankenstein, the Monster speaks with the voice and personality of the brain donor. This was continued after a fashion in the scripting for the fourth sequel, Frankenstein Meets The Wolf Man, but the dialogue was excised before release. The monster was effectively mute in later sequels, though he is heard to refer to Count Dracula as his 'Master' in Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein. The creature is often pyrophobic (afraid of fire). Also the brain used to create Frankenstein's monster is either from the mind of a criminal or is abnormal and deformed, though Dr. Frankenstein originally intended to use a developed, intelligent brain.
Scholars sometimes look for deeper meaning in Shelley’s story, and have analogized the monster to a motherless child; Shelley’s own mother died while giving birth to her. The monster has also been analogized to an oppressed class; Shelley wrote that the monster recognized "the division of property, of immense wealth and squalid poverty." Others see in the monster the tragic results of uncontrolled technology.
Another proposal is that the character of Dr. Frankenstein was based upon a real scientist who had a similar name, and who had been called a modern Prometheus--Benjamin Franklin. Accordingly, the monster would represent the new nation that Franklin helped to create out of remnants left by England. Victor Frankenstein's father "made also a kite, with a wire and string, which drew down that fluid from the clouds," wrote Shelley, similar to Franklin's famous kite experiment.
Frankenstein appears in the cartoon short Dr. Devil and Mr. Hare.
Frankenstein appears in the Looney Tunes short The Night of the Living Duck. He is seen in Daffy Duck's dream amongst the monsters in the nightclub that Daffy is in and accompanied by his bride.
Marvel Comics has its adaption of Frankenstein's Monster and its various clones.
DC Comics has its adaption of Frankenstein and also featured Young Frankenstein.
The eponymous creature in Stephen King's It takes the form of the Boris Karloff incarnation of Frankenstein's monster at one point.
Lego has its adaptations of Frankenstein's Monsters.
Frankenstein's Monster appears in Series 4 of Lego Minifigures as "The Monster" where he was created by the Crazy Scientist (who was also in the same Minifigure series). The Monster was also playable in Lego City Undercover. Series 14 will feature the "Horror Rocker" who is a rock music version of Frankenstein's Monster.
In Lego Monster Fighters, another adaptation of Frankenstein's Monster appeared as the "Crazy Scientist's Monster" where he was built by a Crazy Scientist that was associated with the same Lego theme. There is also a related monster in this theme called the "Monster Butler" who works for Lord Vampyre at his haunted house.
Frankenstein's Monster also appears in the light novel Fate/Apocrypha, as a servant of the Berserker class, and is depicted as a woman. He also appears in another installment of the serie, Fate/Grand Order
Frankenstein in popular culture
List of films featuring Frankenstein's monster
Allotransplantation, the transplantation of body parts from one person to another
Zombie
Frankensteinfilms.com - Comprehensive site on Frankenstein movies, comic books, theatre plays and the original novel
13 Ways of Looking at Frankenstein - slideshow by Life magazine
Literary discussion of the argument of Frankenstein
2014 Irish Examiner article
Yes, Dr. Frankenstien can raise the dead
Anime Evolution is an annual three-day anime convention held in Metro Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada organized by AE Convention Corp. until 2010 and by the Vancouver Anime Convention Society since 2012. It was traditionally held in August until 2012 before moving to June and then later July.
Anime Evolution's programming, like many other anime conventions, includes anime screenings, anime music video contests, game shows, panels, workshops, cosplay events, vendor and artist rooms, and video game groups.
Anime Evolution was originally known as Anime Showcase, and was held in 1998 by the SFU ARC club. It was a two-day showing of anime that was supposed to be held annually, with the help of the Vancouver Japanese Animation Society, the University of British Columbia Anime Club, and V-SWAT. In 2001 it was renamed Anime Evolution and in 2003 became a full anime convention. It has grown each year since 1999, and had attendance of over 4,200 people in 2007. In 2008, due to booking issues, it was held at the University of British Columbia (UBC), Vancouver, B.C., rather than its past location at Simon Fraser University (SFU), Burnaby, B.C. In 2011, due to legal and financial issues facing AE Convention Corp., Anime Evolution 2011 was cancelled, and future AE Convention Corp.-sponsored conventions were put on hiatus. Anime Evolution returned in 2012 under a new organizer, the Vancouver Anime Convention Society, and ran as a shortened, 2-day version of the convention in November, dubbed Anime Evolution: Akimatsuri. In 2013, Anime Evolution returned to the 3-day summer event format, celebrating its 10th anniversary.
Anime Evolution website
Chwaka is a town on the Tanzanian island of Unguja, part of Zanzibar. It is located on the east coast of the island, due east of the capital Zanzibar City, on the coast of Chwaka Bay close to the edge of Jozani-Chwaka Bay National Park.
Finke, J. (2006) The Rough Guide to Zanzibar (2nd edition). New York: Rough Guides.
Communications in Martinique.
Telephones - main lines in use: 172 000 (2001)
Telephones - mobile cellular: 319 900 (2002)
Telephone system: domestic facilities are adequate
domestic: NA
international: microwave radio relay to Guadeloupe, Dominica, and Saint Lucia; satellite earth stations - 2 Intelsat (Atlantic Ocean)
Radio broadcast stations: AM 0, FM 14, shortwave 0 (1998)
Radios: 82,000 (1997)
Television broadcast stations: 11 (plus nine repeaters) (1997)
Televisions: 66,000 (1997)
Internet Service Providers (ISPs): 2 (2000)
Internet users: 107 000 (2005)
Country code (Top level domain): MQ
The 2003 Supercopa de España was two-leg Spanish football matches played on 24 August and 27 August 2003. It contested by Mallorca, who won the 2002–03 Copa del Rey, and Real Madrid, who won the 2002–03 La Liga. Real Madrid won 4–2 on aggregate.
Raymond W. Smith is the Chairman of Rothschild Continuation Investments, Founding Partner of Arlington Capital Partners, a private equity firm, and Chairman of Verizon Ventures.
Raymond W. Smith rose from an entry level management trainee at Bell Telephone of Pennsylvania to the Chairman and CEO of Verizon Communications (formerly Bell Atlantic). Prior to becoming chairman and chief executive officer of Bell Atlantic, Ray held the titles of president and chief financial officer. He also served as AT&T’s director of finance.
Under his leadership, Smith refashioned the company into the largest communications corporation in the country, positioning the firm globally in the expanding markets of the future. During his tenure, Bell Atlantic acquired NYNEX and GTE, two of the largest transactions in business history. In 1998 Fortune magazine listed Bell Atlantic as the number one communications company in terms of increased shareholder value over the previous ten years. It ranked 17th out of the top 1000 companies.
In 1999, he retired as chairman of New York-based Verizon after ten years as the corporation's top officer.
Following his retirement from Verizon, he founded Arlington Capital Partners (ACP), an investment company that has successfully completed two offerings: ACP I at $450M and ACP II at $650M.
Smith also became the Chairman of Rothschild Inc. and N.M. Rothschild & Sons Canada Limited in 1999. He guided Rothschild’s presence in the Americas through the banking crisis without a single restatement or blemish.
He and his second wife, Phyllis, have five children and ten grandchildren between them. He has been a playwright, director, producer and actor in more than 50 productions in Pittsburgh, Philadelphia and Swarthmore, Pennsylvania. The Player’s Club of Swarthmore has named one of its theaters after him. He has also become a sought-after artist with scores of paintings.
As a poet, he has produced hundreds of offerings over the years, most recently in a book of his poetry, Songs of No Consequence. Also, he has written the following books and plays: Reigh’s Myth, The Burial of My Cat, Chamber Music, Dormont, Ask Not for Whom, The Warhol Unit, Egyptian Baskets, Janjaweed, The Fetal Pig, Time-X, The Most Eminent Saga of Harold Bluetooth, Arrival in Nine Hours, and Nineteeneleven.
He is a well-traveled scholar with special emphasis on the culture of Ancient Egypt. He negotiated a long term loan of a collection of Egyptian antiquities from Eton College to Johns Hopkins University. He has also traveled to Uganda, Viet Nam and Thailand with the Rockefeller Foundation and to China and the Middle East as a Special Envoy of the State Department. His most recent scholarly trip was to Antarctica.
Smith serves on the following civic boards: the Royal Shakespeare Company, Curtis Institute of Music Advisory Board, Central Park Conservancy, George Mason Life Sciences Advisory Board, the Library of Congress, the American Research Center in Egypt - Presidential Appointee, and Servicemembers Legal Defense Network.
Over the years, Smith has served on the boards of Bell Atlantic, the Carnegie Corporation, Westinghouse, CBS, Corestates Financial, First Union (now Wells Fargo), US Airways, NTT DoCoMo, the Carnegie Corporation Board of Trustees; the Rockefeller Foundation, the Lincoln Center Board of Trustees, President’s Committee on the Arts & Humanities, University of Pittsburgh Board of Trustees, the Philadelphia Orchestra-Director, National Forum on Education & Technology, President’s Committee for Educational Technology-Founding Member, Board of Overseers of the School of Engineering and Applied Sciences-University of Pennsylvania, Board of Visitors of the Fuqua School of Business-Duke University, the Urban Affairs Partnership-Director, the Franklin Institute-Director, the Business Roundtable, Business Higher Education Forum, Challenger Center for Space Science Education Board, Private Sector Council – National Advisory Board, Arden Theater Company – Board of Advisors, Bell Communications Research, Inc.-Director, AMPS, Inc., Philadelphia Urban Coalition-Director, United Way of Southeastern Pennsylvania–Director and Chairman of the Management Committee, Delaware Valley Regional Energy Council-Chairman, Philadelphia Industrial Development Corporation-Executive Board, and Philadelphia Economic Advisory Board-Chairman
He holds a B.S. degree from Carnegie-Mellon University and an M.B.A degree from the Joseph M. Katz Graduate School of Business, University of Pittsburgh. He has been awarded honorary degrees from – Doctor of Humane Letters – 1987, Spring Garden College – Doctor of Business Administration – 1989, Drexel University – Doctor of Science – 1994, Stevens Institute of Technology – Doctor of Engineering – 1995, New York Institute of Technology – Doctor of Science – 1998, and University of Pittsburgh – Doctor of Commercial Science – 2009.
He spends a month a year studying in Oxford’s Christchurch College and is a frequent participant in Smithsonian Lectures. He is a newly appointed Visiting Professor of Business and Engineering at George Mason University.
Smith has received a number of awards and honors including: CEO of the year (received four times), American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the Cleveland Dodge Medal from Columbia University, the Wanamaker Award from the Pennsylvania Council of the Blind, the Mickey Leland Award for Diversity in Telecommunications, Lifetime Member Award from the NAACP, the Legend in Leadership Award, the American Academy of Achievement Award, Legacy Laureate from the University of Pittsburgh, and Points of Light Award.
The Baron talks up China and energy
Arlington Capital
Raymond Smith
"Passive" is a song from the band A Perfect Circle's 2004 album eMOTIVe The song is a remake of the song "Vacant" by the now-defunct band Tapeworm.
"Vacant" was notably first performed by A Perfect Circle without Trent Reznor's agreement.
The song is used in the film Constantine and the music video uses imagery from the film: Angela Dodson (Rachel Weisz's character) entering hell with band (shot with thermal cameras) playing in hell. James Iha and Jeordie White did not appear in the video (since they both joined the band after filming); instead with previous bassist Paz Lenchantin and guitarist Danny Lohner joining Maynard James Keenan, Billy Howerdel and Josh Freese in the band lineup for the video.
Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church or Bethel AME Church or Union Bethel A.M.E. Church may refer to:
Mother Bethel A.M.E. Church, Philadelphia, the founding church of the African Methodist Episcopal Church denomination, founded 1816
Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church (Batesville, Arkansas), listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in Independence County
Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church (Malvern, Arkansas), NRHP-listed in Hot Spring County
Greater Bethel AME Church, Miami, Florida, listed on the NRHP in Miami-Dade County
Bethel AME Church (Acworth, Georgia), listed on the NRHP in Cobb County
Bethel AME Church (Champaign, Illinois)
Bethel AME Church of Crawfordsville, Crawfordsville, Indiana, NRHP-listed in Montgomery County
Bethel A. M. E. Church (Indianapolis, Indiana), listed on the NRHP in Marion County
Bethel A.M.E. Church (Richmond, Indiana), listed on the NRHP in Wayne County
Bethel African Methodist Church (Cedar Rapids, Iowa), listed on the NRHP in Johnson County
Bethel AME Church (Davenport, Iowa), listed on the NRHP in Scott County
Bethel AME Church (Iowa City, Iowa), listed on the NRHP in Johnson County
Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church (Coffeyville, Kansas), listed on the NRHP in Montgomery County
Bethel A.M.E. Church (Manhattan, Kansas), listed on the NRHP in Riley County
Bethel AME Church (Shelbyville, Kentucky), listed on the NRHP in Shelby County
Union Bethel A.M.E. Church (New Orleans, Louisiana), NRHP-listed in Orleans Parish
Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church (Baltimore, Maryland)
Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church and Parsonage, Plymouth, Massachusetts, listed on the NRHP in Plymouth County
Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church (Vicksburg, Mississippi), NRHP-listed in Warren County
Bethel Chapel AME Church, Louisiana, Missouri, listed on the NRHP in Pike County
Union Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church (Great Falls, Montana), listed on the NRHP in Cascade County
Bethel AME Church (Reno, Nevada), listed on the NRHP in Washoe County
Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church (Springtown, New Jersey), listed on the NRHP in Cumberland County
Bethel AME Church and Manse, Huntington, New York, listed on the NRHP in Suffolk County
Bethel African American Episcopal Church of Monongahela City, Monongahela City, Pennsylvania, listed on the NRHP in Washington County
Bethel A.M.E. Church (Reading, Pennsylvania), listed on the NRHP in Berks County
Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church (Anderson, South Carolina)
Bethel A.M.E. Church (Columbia, South Carolina), listed on the NRHP in Richland County
Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church (McClellanville, South Carolina), listed on the NRHP in Charleston County
Third Street Bethel A.M.E. Church, Richmond, Virginia, NRHP-listed
Bethel AME Church (Parkersburg, West Virginia), listed on the NRHP in Wood County
Bethel A.M.E. Church (Morristown, New Jersey) listed by the Morris County Heritage Commission
Bethel Baptist Church (disambiguation)
Bethel Methodist Church (disambiguation)
Bethel Methodist Episcopal Church (disambiguation)
Fausto Biloslavo (Trieste, 13 November 1961) is an Italian journalist, author and one of the most experienced Italian war correspondents. He is among the best-known and most prolific modern Italian writers on modern conflicts; he has experienced war first-hand. As a correspondent and free-lance journalist he witnessed conflicts from the Soviet Invasion of Afghanistan to the Balkans, and the so-called, "forgotten wars" in Africa. Most recently he reported from Iraq and the Middle East.
Fausto Biloslavo was born and raised in Trieste where he also attended school. He graduated from Trieste University in Political Sciences / International branch.
In 1982 at the age of 21, Biloslavo was in Lebanon during the civil war, as a freelance writer and photographer, during the Siege of Beirut in the summer of 1982. During the Israeli drive he was the only one to witness the then PLO leader Yasser Arafat, fleeing Beirut. Arafat fled to Greece, and then to Tunis, establishing new headquarters there.
In 1983 with two friends, Almerigo Grilz killed in Mozambique in 1987  during an engagement between the South African backed RENAMO and the Mozambicans forces, therefore becoming the first Italian reporter to be killed in action since World War II, and Gian Micalessin, Biloslavo founded the Albatross Press Agency, a freelance agency. The agency produced TV reports, and first hand war correspondence from the world’s hot spots, selling its works to the main international networks, mainly to CBS and NB in the English-speaking countries, but even to the German NDR, and the TSI (Italian Swiss Television channel).
In Italy, beside the highly negative prejudice that surrounded the agency for being founded by former members of the right-wing party MSI-DN, Albatross gained notoriety for selling his stories to Panorama and to the state-owned RAI TV news TG1. During these years Albatross covered news from Iran, Cyprus, Libya, Sudan, Uganda, the Philippines and Afghanistan.
In 1987 he crossed into Afghanistan from Pakistan, and spent four months living with Mujaheddin. On his way back to Pakistan he was stopped by the Afghan Police. He was detained for seven months and sentenced, after a farce trial, to a seven-year-sentence to be spent in the Pul I Charki prison in Kabul. He was released after 202 days of detention, thanks to the personal intervention of former Italian president Francesco Cossiga. After what he had suffered, Biloslavo did not quit going in Afghanistan, and today he remains one of the major Italian experts of that country. In March 1997 he successfully negotiated the release of Mauro Galliani, an Italian reporter kidnapped in Chechnya.
Biloslavo is married to Cinzia and lives in Trieste with his wife and daughter. He is a proud member of the Paratrooper Association or ANPd’I of Trieste. On April 19, 2012 Fausto Biloslavo was awarded the, "Giorgio Lago" prize.
Biloslavo has written many books on conflicts he personally witnessed, and currently writes articles for many newspapers in Italy, including Il Foglio, Il Giornale, and magazines like Panorama and The Europeo.
“Title: Prigioniero in Afghanistan ( Prisoner in Afghanistan) by Fausto Biloslavo Publisher: Sugar Co. Edizioni, Milano, 1989
“Gli occhi della Guerra – The Eyes of War”, 2007
Gian Paolo Pelizzaro, LIBANO. UNA POLVERIERA NEL MEDITERRANEO, Afghanistan, ultima trincea di Gian Micalessin e Fausto Biloslavo – Boroli Editore
[1]
[2]
[3]
http://bollettinotrieste.com/2012/04/19/
CADASIL ("Cerebral Autosomal-Dominant Arteriopathy with Subcortical Infarcts and Leukoencephalopathy") is the most common form of hereditary stroke disorder, and is thought to be caused by mutations of the Notch 3 gene on chromosome 19. The disease belongs to a family of disorders called the Leukodystrophies. The most common clinical manifestations are migraine headaches and transient ischemic attacks or strokes, which usually occur between 40 and 50 years of age, although MRI is able to detect signs of the disease years prior to clinical manifestation of disease.
CADASIL may start with attacks of migraine with aura or subcortical transient ischemic attacks or strokes, or mood disorders between 35 and 55 years of age. The disease progresses to subcortical dementia associated with pseudobulbar palsy and urinary incontinence.
Ischemic strokes are the most frequent presentation of CADASIL, with approximately 85% of symptomatic individuals developing transient ischemic attacks or stroke(s). The mean age of onset of ischemic episodes is approximately 46 years (range 30–70). A classic lacunar syndrome occurs in at least two-thirds of affected patients while hemispheric strokes are much less common. It is worthy of note that ischemic strokes typically occur in the absence of traditional cardiovascular risk factors. Recurrent silent strokes, with or without clinical strokes, often lead to cognitive decline and overt subcortical dementia. A case of CADASIL presenting as schizophreniform organic psychosis has been reported.
The underlying pathology of CADASIL is progressive degeneration of the smooth muscle cells in blood vessels. Mutations in the Notch 3 gene (on the short arm of chromosome 19) cause an abnormal accumulation of Notch 3 at the cytoplasmic membrane of vascular smooth-muscle cells both in cerebral and extracerebral vessels, seen as granular osmiophilic deposits on electron microscopy.
MRIs show hypointensities on T1-weighted images and hyperintensities on T2-weighted images, usually multiple confluent white matter lesions of various sizes, are characteristic. These lesions are concentrated around the basal ganglia, peri-ventricular white matter, and the pons, and are similar to those seen in Binswanger disease. These white matter lesions are also seen in asymptomatic individuals with the mutated gene. While MRI is not used to diagnose CADASIL, it can show the progression of white matter changes even decades before onset of symptoms.
The definitive test is sequencing the whole Notch 3 gene, which can be done from a sample of blood. However, as this is quite expensive and CADASIL is a systemic arteriopathy, evidence of the mutation can be found in small and medium-size arteries. Therefore, skin biopsies are often used for the diagnosis.
No specific treatment is available. However, anti-platelet agents such as aspirin, dipyridamole, or clopidogrel might slow down the disease and help prevent strokes. Given the propensity for cardiovascular and cerebrovascular complications, minimizing vascular risk factors and implementing therapy for primary or secondary prevention of stroke and myocardial infarction seems prudent. Stopping oral contraceptive pills is justified in particular in cases with migraine with aura. Aggressive treatment of hypercholesterolemia and hypertension is reasonable, although the utility of statins and antihypertensive agents in the absence of cardiovascular risk factors is unknown. Homocysteine levels are elevated in CADASIL and treatment with folic acid is reasonable. Anti-platelet therapy appears justifiable, whereas anticoagulation may be inadvisable given the propensity for microhemorrhages, and thus warfarin should be avoided. Administering tPA following onset of stroke is not advised for CADASIL patients, due to increased risk of microhemorrhages.
Some CADASIL patients have used L-Arginine, a naturally occurring amino acid, to ease symptoms such as headache. Aricept, normally used for Alzheimer's Disease, was tested and was shown not to improve executive functioning in CADASIL patients.
John Ruskin has been suggested to have suffered from CADASIL Ruskin reported in his diaries having visual disturbances consistent with the disease, and it has also been suggested that it might have been a factor in causing him to describe James Whistler's Nocturne in Black and Gold – The Falling Rocket as "ask[ing] two hundred guineas for throwing a pot of paint in the public's face". This resulted in the famous libel trial that resulted in a jury's awarding Whistler one farthing damages.
Recent research into the illness of philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche has suggested that his mental illness and death were caused by CADASIL rather than tertiary syphilis. Likewise, the early death of the composer Felix Mendelssohn, at age 37, from a stroke has been potentially linked to CADASIL. His sister, Fanny Mendelssohn, was similarly affected.
The character Julia, in the 2004 Spanish film The Sea Inside, has the condition.
Proteopathy
CADASIL Family Registry
Datagenno - CADASIL Syndrome
cureCADASIL Association
CADASIL Support Website - St George's Hospital, London
The CADASIL Foundation
United Leukodystrophy Foundation: CADASIL
   In    
Teleophthalmology is a branch of telemedicine that delivers eye care through digital medical equipment and telecommunications technology. Today, applications of teleophthalmology encompass access to eye specialists for patients in remote areas, ophthalmic disease screening, diagnosis and monitoring; as well as distant learning.
Teleophthalmology enables health professionals to take ocular images and attend to patients who have limited access to ocular health care. These images allow the ophthalmologist or optometrist, health care professionals and researchers to carry out the aforementioned applications. The required equipment includes a camera that can take ocular images and a computer terminal with network capabilities, which can transfer the images. There has been a significant increase in teleophthalmology research over the past decade. However, differences in health information exchange standards, data security, liability issues, and cost of equipment are other major challenges in teleophthalmology.
Although ocular photography has been present since the early 1980s, the transfer of digital images from one location to another for assessment is a relatively recent phenomenon. The rise of digital imaging in the early 1990s allowed ophthalmologists and optometrists to capture images and store them on computers for future assessment. The advent of the Internet allowed for the digital transfer of these ocular images from one location to another.
Current teleophthalmological solutions are generally focused on a particular eye problem, such as diabetic retinopathy, retinopathy of prematurity, macular degeneration, strabismus and adnexal eye diseases. Less common conditions that can be revealed using retinal images are arterial and vein occlusions, chorioretinitis, congenital anomalies, and tapetoretinal abitrophy. Several population-based studies have used retinal imaging to relate ophthalmic abnormalities to general conditions, including hypertension, renal dysfunction, cardiovascular mortality, subclinical and clinical stroke, and cognitive impairment.
Mobile applications are widely available in ophthalmology and optometry as tools for eye tests (visual acuity, colour test, and viewing eye images) and for educational purposes. Technological advancements in digital ocular imaging devices are perceived by many as key drivers for teleophthalmology. Recently, emerging retinal imaging modalities such as optical coherence tomography are capable of producing digital images of the retina with a micrometer resolution, which can be transmitted for research or diagnostic purposes. Along with systems designed for health care professionals, patient-centred systems such as Eye-File for use by the general public are emerging.
Fundus photography is performed by a fundus camera, which basically consists of a specialized low power microscope with an attached camera.
Teleophthalmology services can be provided primarily in two ways synchronously or asynchronously:
Synchronous teleophthalmology enables real-time interaction between participants (using standard telemedicine technologies e.g. video-conferencing), synchronous to supervise the removal of corneal foreign bodies and for consultations.
Asynchronous teleophthalmology in a "store-and-forward" method, where data is captured and transmitted for review at a later time.
Images of the eye can be captured non-invasively through various methods, generally by a technician or non-physician health care professional.
External eye: standard digital stills or video camera
Anterior segment: slit lamp connected to a camera
Posterior segment or retina: fundus camera
Mydriasis (pupil dilation, e.g. using tropicamide) may be required to obtain an image of sufficient quality. Stereoscopy may be used to detect retinal thickening. The image can then be transferred, over the Internet or dedicated network to a physician for immediate examination, or for storage and later review. Ideally, the image is encrypted or anonymized for transmission, to protect patient confidentiality. Between image capture and viewing, image processing may be done, including compression, enhancement and edge-detection. Image evaluation, to detect various pathologies in the case of asynchronous evaluation, is often done by an ophthamologist, optometrist or primary care physician, though it is also performed by specially trained staff. Image evaluation may also be automated to provide pathology detection or grading.
Computer software applications have been tasked with the automated assessment of retinal images to recognize lesions associated with an ocular disease of interest. The clinical process entails initially discriminating retinal lesions from non-factor artifacts, subsequently distinguishing lesions associated with the disease in question from other types of lesions, and finally grading the disease according to guideline-endorsed severity scales set by medical authorities.
Dedicated research in artificial intelligence drives the underlying technology in automated image recognition. Specific approaches involve pattern recognition using trained artificial neural networks; feature extraction using edge-detection and region-growing techniques; and content-based comparison with previously adjudicated samples.
Improved patient care
Strengthened referral patterns
Extended patient care and expertise to remote areas
Education of hospital staff, clinicians and the community
Cost-effectiveness
More effective planning and administrative meetings with point-and-click sharing of content
Use of videoconferencing to members of the human resources department has helped to resolve emergency staffing issues
Community nurses, ophthalmologists or optometrists in training can attend teaching sessions at the main hospital via a live video teleopthamological feed, thereby enhancing their knowledge and skills.
A 100-case audit of retinal screening by optometrists was performed in the remote areas of Western Australia. Projects are now being started base on this pilot experience.
A number of teleophthalmology programs exist in Canada, including those in the provinces of Alberta, British Columbia, Manitoba, Newfoundland, Ontario, and Quebec.
The cost of taking the images and of the ophthalmologist to interpret the images is covered by public-funded health care insurance. Typically a registered nurse or registered practical nurse is trained to dilate the patient's pupils and take the images.
Key challenges to providing teleophthalmology services in Canada are likely: 1) the high staff turnover in remote areas; 2) the lack of an inexpensive mobile imaging device that takes diagnostic quality images; and 3) the difficulty securing public funds where the costs are incurred and savings are realized from separate funding envelopes.
Teleophthalmology has been provided in Alberta since 2003, and is supported by Alberta Health Services, using their proprietary teleophthalmology software Secure Diagnostic Imaging. Approximately six ophthalmologists from the University of Alberta review the images. As of January 2014, approximately 15,000 patients had been screened for diabetic retinopathy, across 15 community-hospital-based stationary locations, 44 First Nations communities and five primary care practices. Approximately 130 patients are screened per month across these locations. The teleophthalmology program also facilitates approximately 55 optometrist-to-ophthalmologist referrals per month.
Teleophthalmology is provided by ophthalmologists from the University of British Columbia, and is supported by Alberta Health Service's proprietary Secure Diagnostic Imaging software.
In Manitoba, teleophthalmology is provided by ophthalmologists at the University of Manitoba, and is supported using Alberta Health Service's proprietary Secure Diagnostic Imaging software.
A teleophthalmology program was started in the Eastern Health Region of Newfoundland, under one of four regional health authorities. This program was started in May 2012 and is supported by an ophthalmologist in St. John's. The program uses Synergy software by TopCon Canada Inc.
Thirteen teleophthalmology programs currently exist in Ontario. Two of the programs facilitate ophthalmology support for premature infants, screening for retinopathy of prematurity (RoP), using ophthalmologists at Sick Kids and McMaster University Medical Centre.
The other eleven of these teleophthalmology programs primarily screen for diabetic retinopathy in diabetic patients who have limited access to eye care professionals, or who for various reasons do not seek regular eye care. Ten of these eleven programs use the Ontario Telemedicine Network teleophthalmology (TOP) service to transmit images to an ophthalmologist for evaluation. OTN uses Merge Healthcare teleophthalmology software to provide this service. Some of these locations use a fundus camera, others use both fundus and optical coherence tomography (OCT) imaging devices, and all programs dilate their patients' eyes before screening. Since 2009, and as of January 2014, more than 4600 diabetic patients have been screened, finding pathology in approximately 25-35% of screens. Approximately 120 patients are screened per month, by five reading ophthalmologists.
In Ontario, the implementation of teleophthalmology has reduced the average wait time from six months to four weeks, for some diabetic patients to obtain retinal screening from a specialist.
There are a number of teleophthalmology programs in Quebec, following on a feasibility study completed by the institut national d'excellence en santé et en service sociaux, entitled Dépistage de la rétinopathie diabétique au Québec.
Between 2006 and 2008, a large scale teleretinal screening project using mobile units was implemented in China.
The OPHDIAT Network supports diabetic retinal screening across 34 sites and has screened over 13,000 patients since 2004.
The teleophthalmology program provided in Chennai, India by Sankara Nethralaya has reached more than 450,000 patients since its inception in October, 2003.
The Karnataka Internet Assisted Diagnosis of Retinopathy of Prematurity (KIDROP) program, started in 2008, uses teleophthalmology to screen for retinopathy of prematurity. They are India's first, and the world's largest, program of this kind. They have performed more than 6339 imaging sessions of 1601 infants in rural and remote areas, preventing blindness and finding that non-physician experts can be trained to accurately grade the images.
In 2011, the Health Service Executive announced the development of a diabetic retinopathy screening programme. The Diabetic RetinaScreen programme was rolled out in 2013.
The PEEK (Portable Eye Examination Kit) program has screened 2500 people in Kenya, and incorporates geo-tagging to facilitate follow-up treatment and demographic research.
Since 2001, more than 30,000 people with diabetes have been screened since 2001 as part of a project called EyeCheck in the Netherlands.
In the United Kingdom, more than 1.7 million people with diabetes were screened using digital fundus photography in 2010 and 2011. A pilot project with telemedicine transmission of retinal OCT images from community optometry care to hospital eye services improved the triage of macular patients and swifter care of urgent cases. The project was led by Consultant Ophthalmologist Simon P Kelly, Royal Bolton Hospital and Ian Wallwork, Optometrist, and undertaken in Salford. The project was recognized in an award from the Clinical Leaders Network.
The United States Department of Veterans Health Affairs was one of the first organizations to deploy a large-scale teleretinal imaging program starting in 1999. In 2006, this program was expanded and received further funding for a nationwide program. As of 2010, more than 120,000 patients have been screened through the program.
EyePACS is an example of a license-free Web-based software with the aim of facilitating communication between primary care and eye care clinicians for treatment, recommendation and follow-up. The digital images can be taken and uploaded to an online repository where they are evaluated by certified readers. These images are then sent to the primary care physician or ophthalmologist. By 2009, the EyePACS program was expanded to over 120 primary care sites in California.
Teleophthalmology relies on a standard for the representation, storage, and transmission of medical images known as Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM). The medical imaging standard is managed by the Medical Imaging & Technology Alliance (MITA), which is a division of the Virginia-based National Electrical Manufacturers Association (NEMA).
Various regulations exist on national levels that govern the use of teleophthamological solutions. Some of them are listed below:
USA - Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act - licensure laws in the U.S. require a practitioner to obtain a full license to deliver telemedicine care across state lines where regulations vary.
Europe - Data Protection Directive
Japan - HPB 517
Emerging techniques for eye image capture include ophthalmoscopes that can be combined with mobile devices, increasing portability and accessibility to the general public. The introduction of full auto focusing retinal cameras has the potential to reduce the need for operators.
Telehealth networks are growing in number, and advancements are being made in automated detection methods for diseases such as diabetic retinopathy. Teleophthalmology has the potential to improve access to screening and early treatment for a number of ocular conditions. It serves to identify patients who are at risk of various types of retinopathy and allows further evaluation and early management resulting in considerable economic benefit.
A recent Cochrane review notes that no randomized controlled trials or controlled clinical trials have been published evaluating whether there are any benefits or harms to telerehabilitation, over inpatient care for improving vision outcomes. The authors note that the lack of published research in teleopthalmology may compromise possible funding or support for these services.
Despite ongoing research and advancement in digital photography, digital imaging techniques still face certain barriers, including low sensitivity and specificity, as well as lack of stereopsis (impression of depth). As such, teleophthalmology cannot be a true substitute for comprehensive eye examinations using traditional binocular observation with standard 7-field stereoscopic fundus photography.
Automated image recognition algorithms are gaining in clinical adoption. While they perform at a level nearly equivalent to humans in ascertaining low and high risk states, diagnosis and grading performance is still insufficient for clinical acceptance.
This is a list of the municipalities in the province of Gipuzkoa in the autonomous community of the Basque Country, Spain.
Geography of Spain
List of cities in Spain
Monopyle sodiroana is a species of plant in the Gesneriaceae family. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Clark, J.L., Skog, L.E. & Pitman, N. 2004. Monopyle sodiroana. 2006 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. Downloaded on 22 August 2007.
Alfred Sydney North (7 February 1906 – September 1988) was a British water polo player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was part of the British team which finished eighth in the 1936 tournament. He played four matches as goalkeeper.
profile
[1] Profile on Sports Reference LLC website
Rosita Renard (real name Rosa Amelia Renard Artigas, February 8, 1894 in Santiago de Chile – May 24, 1949 in Santiago de Chile) was a Chilean classical pianist. She studied in Germany under Martin Krause. The highest point of her career came after 1945, when she started an artistic cooperation with conductor Erich Kleiber. She gave a recital at Carnegie Hall on January 19, 1949.
Renard on Bach Cantatas Web
Euroleague 2007–08 Individual Statistics is the statistics about players, playing in Euroleague 2007-08. Top 5 for each category.
Statistics
Hasnabad is a community development block that forms an administrative division in Basirhat subdivision of North 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Hasnabad police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Hasnabad. It is located 55 km from Barasat, the district headquarters.
Hasnabad is located at 22°34′N 88°55′E.
Hasnabad CD Block is bounded by Basirhat I CD Block in the north, Debhata Upazila in Satkhira District of Bangladesh in the east, Hingalganj CD Block in the south and Sandeshkhali I and Minakhan CD Blocks in the west.
Hasnabad CD Block has an area of 155.44 km 2 .
North 24 Parganas district is part of the Gangetic delta, lying east of the Hooghly River. The country is flat. It is a little raised above flood level and the highest ground borders the river channels. The rivers in the district were formerly distributaries of the Ganges but their mouths have long been filled up and blocked. The area is described as a sort of a drowned land broken by swamps. Land in the north-east of the district is higher than that of the rest of the district. The sturdy peasants raise crops of rice, jute and sugarcane from the alluvial soil. There are clumps of palm and fruit trees in which village homesteads nestle. Industrial activity is concentrated in the narrow strip of land along the Hooghly River. The south-eastern part of the district gradually merges into the Sunderbans. Parts of the metropolitan city of Kolkata extend over southern part of the district.
The Sundarbans is a flat lowland susceptible to the tidal waves along the 260 km shoreline of the Bay of Bengal. The total expanse of Sundarbans is about 2.05 million hectares (8,000 square miles). Of this, only 0.42 million hectares (1,629 square miles or 10,43,000 acres) are under the reserve forests including about 0.19 million hectares covered by creeks and channels. The area is prone to natural calamities such as cyclones, thunderstorms with occasional hail and floods. There are more than 63,400 km of embankments but the floods caused by high tidal bores, often wash away much of the embankments, already weakened and broken by earlier cyclonic storms.
In May 2009, the district was hit by high speed cyclone named Aila and subsequent rainfall which continued for two days. This created a disaster in 20 out of 22 blocks of the district. 10 out of 27 municipalities of the district were also severely affected.
Six CD Blocks of North 24 Parganas are included in the Sundabans area – Hingalganj, Hasnabad, Sandeskhali I and II, Minakhan and Haora.
Gram panchayats of Hasnabad block/ panchayat samiti are: Amlani, Bhabanipur I, Hasnabad, Patlikhanpur, Barunhat Rameswarpur, Bhabanipur II, Makhalgachha, Bhebia and Murarisha.
As per 2011 Census of India Hasnabad CD Block had a total population of 203,262, of which 197,014 were rural and 6,248 were urban. There were 104,019 (51%) males and 99,243 (49%) females. Population below 6 years was 25,007. Scheduled Castes numbered 51,295 and Scheduled Tribes numbered 7,492.
As per 2001 census, Hasnabad block has a total population of 177,470 out of which 91,122 were males and 86,348 were females. Hasnabad block registered a population growth of 17.44 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 22.40 per cent. Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.
There is only one census town in Hasnabad CD Block (2011 census figure in brackets): Sadigachhi (6,248).
Large villages in Hasnabad CD Block are (2011 census figures in brackets): Murarisaha (5,652), Rajapura (4,158), Dakshin Bhebia (7,102), Kharampur (5,714), Chandpur (4,008), Haripur (4,107), Ghuni (4,281), Chak Patli (7,128), Shulkaniabad (5,414), Bhurkunda (5,617), Ghoshalati (6,892), Ichhapur (7,872) and Barunhat (16,635).
As per 2011 census the total number of literates in Hasnabad CD Block was 127,403 (71.47% of the population over 6 years) out of which 69,699 (55%) were males and 57,704 (45%) were females.
As per 2011 census, literacy in North 24 Parganas district was 84.06 (including urban areas outside the CD Blocks). Literacy in West Bengal was 77.08% in 2011. Literacy in India in 2011 was 74.04%.
See also – List of West Bengal districts ranked by literacy rate
Bengali is the local language in these areas.
In the 2011 census Muslims numbered 114,869 and formed 56.51% of the population in Hasnabad CD Block. Hindus numbered 88,112 and formed 43.35% of the population. Others numbered 281 and formed 0.14% of the population.
In 1981 Hindus numbered 83,096 and formed 61.76% of the population and Muslims numbered 51,496 and formed 38.24% of the population. In 1991 Muslims numbered 83,328 and formed 55.14% of the population and Hindus numbered 67,787 and formed 44.86% of the population in Hasnabad CD Block. (In 1981 and 1991 census was conducted as per jurisdiction of the police station).
In the 2011 census, Hindus numbered 7,352,769 and formed 73.46% of the population in North 24 Parganas district. Muslims numbered 2,584,684 and formed 25.82% of the population.In West Bengal Hindus numbered 64,385,546 and formed 70.53% of the population. Muslims numbered 24,654,825 and formed 27.01% of the population.
According to Census 2001, 54% of the population of North 24 Parganas district live in the urban areas. The district has 1,571 inhabited villages spread over 22 community development blocks. In the urban area there are 27 municipalities, 20 census towns, 7 urban outgrowths and one town under Cantonment Board. The North 24 Parganas district Human Development Report opines that in spite of agricultural productivity in North 24 Parganas district being rather impressive 81.84% of rural population suffer from shortage of food. The number of families living below the poverty line vary widely from block to block. Even in some municipal areas, such as Baduria, Gobardanga, Taki, Basirhat, Bangaon and Habra surveys have revealed large percentage of people living in poverty. Several poverty alleviation schemes are under implementation mostly at the block level. North 24 Parganas district with a population density of 2,192 persons per square km, is third densest in West Bengal, after Kolkata and Howrah. The high density of population in the district is largely because of large scale migration of refugees from erstwhile East Pakistan, particularly in the period 1947 to 1955. In 2004, life expectancy at birth of a female was 71 years and that of a male was 66 years. With a literacy rate of 68.74% in 2001, the district was second only to Kolkata in the state in literacy. There are 6,139 habitations in the rural areas of North 24 Parganas. Out of these 2,331 habitations have primary schools within the villages and another 3,334 habitations have primary schools within 1 km. There are 474 habitations with primary schools beyond 1 km from the village. There were 258 high schools in the rural areas of the district.
Hasnabad CD Block had a population density of 1,160 persons per km 2 . It was ranked 15 amongst the 22 CD Blocks for density of population in 2001. It had a literacy rate of 63.45%, ranking of 17. Male literacy rate was 72.03% and female literacy rate was 54.41%. Percentage distribution of main workers in Hasnabad CD Block was cultivators 16.35, agricultural labourers 20.70, household industry workers 15.34 and other workers 47.60 (non-agricultural, non-household). 28.69% of households in this CD Block lived below poverty line.
In the Hasnabad CD Block none of the villages had secondary schools and for 86.30% villages a college was more than 5 km away. Hasnabad had 15 high schools with 8,006 students and 206 teachers. It had 5 higher secondary schools with 7,326 students and 177 teachers.
In Hasnabad, one of the six CD Blocks in the Sundarban area, 65.75% of the villages had electricity for domestic use, 89.04% villages had paved approach roads, 87.67% villages had primary schools, 4.11% of the villages had maternity and child welfare centres, and 100% villages had drinking water. The tube well is the source of drinking water in 1,244 out of 1,572 villages in the district. In Hasnabad CD Block, 53 villages had tube wells for drinking water and 20 villages had tap water. Hasnabad CD Block had 56 km surfaced roads and 250 km unsurfaced roads.
North 24 Parganas is one of the leading districts in the formation and development of self-help groups. In Hasnabad there were 767 such groups. The major activities done by these groups were honey production, piggery, horticulture-nursery and hand embroidery. Hasnabad CD Block had 3 health centres and 33 sub-centres.
Hasnabad is 75 km from Sealdah and the electrified train line is via Barasat. It is part of the Kolkata Suburban Railway. The Barasat – Hasnabad light railway has been converted to a broad gauge section.
Bus Route
Hasnabad — Bandel via Taki, Basirhat, Kholapota, Baduria, Maslandapur, Habra
MN2 ParHasnabad — Lebukhali via Hingalganj,
Auto Route
Hasnabad - Malancha via- Taki, Bhebia, Chaital,
Hasnabad - Nazat via Bhabanipur, Nawapara
Hasnabad being a border area, constantly faces law and order problems. In July 2007, a gang of about 30 dacoits looted four jewellery shops after tying up the policemen inside a camp posted at Bandarkhalibazar under Hasnabad police station.
In April 2007, a fisherman was killed and 22 persons including few women were injured after miscreants, hurled bombs and fired bullets on a group of people at Maheshpur village near Hasnabad. The incident was said to be an outcome of intense rivalry between two CPI(M) fractions over possession of a fishery at Sajnetala near Hasnabad. In July 2005, a cloth-trader was shot dead in a compartment of a Barasat-Hasnabad local train. In October 2004, an irate mob damaged a police van and went on the rampage, damaging a Border Security Force (BSF) camp near Hasnabad. The incident took place in the Sayedpur area of Hasnabad when a truck-load of villagers from Taki were going to join a religious function near the India-Bangladesh border.
Hasnabad block is one of the areas where ground water is affected by arsenic contamination.
Hasnabad (Vidhan Sabha constituency)
Gwilym Thomas Mainwaring, known as Billy Mainwaring, (born 24 January 1941 in Port Talbot) is a retired Welsh international second row rugby union player who played for Aberavon RFC.
Nurtured in his village team of Taibach RFC, Mainwaring was a regular member of the Aberavon RFC team before his first cap in 1966-7 season against Scotland at Murrayfield. He played in all of the Welsh games of that term.
In the following season, he was one of four Aberavon RFC players who played against the touring All Blacks (the others being fellow second row Max Wiltshire, centre Ian Hall and debutant full-back Paul Wheeler). His final test was against England in 1968.
He captained Aberavon RFC in the 1969-70 and 1970-1 seasons playing on until the club's centenary season of 1976-7.
During his career he formed a formidable club second row partnership firstly with Max Wiltshire and later with Allan Martin, both fellow internationals.
After retirement he became a selector at Aberavon RFC. His mother was the famous Mrs Mainwaring, a vociferous supporter of Aberavon and whose humour (delivered from the stand) made her popular throughout Wales.
A penetrating atherosclerotic ulcer (PAU) is an atherosclerotic lesion that ulcerates, leading to a hematoma forming within the walls of the aorta.
The condition is often associated with thickening of the aortic wall, and can be differentiated from similar conditions (atherosclerotic plaque and a thrombus) through the use of computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging, though the latter is superior. Transesophageal echocardiography and intravascular ultrasonography may also be used in differentiation.
Complications such as rupture or other life-threatening conditions are rare. Treatment may involve surgery, particularly when signs indicating worsening are present (the patient is unable to control their pain or changes in blood pressure).
Castello Aliforni is a 13th-century castle that now forms part of the walls of San Severino Marche, in the region of Marche, Italy.
The castle was sold in 1257 to the town of San Severino by Guglielmo, Bishop of Camerino. It is located near the church of Santa Maria Annunziata. The church was rebuilt in the 19th-century by Irenaeus Aleandri and houses a fresco attributed to Lorenzo Salimbeni. Around the tower of the castle are the ruins of the walls that surrounded the medieval city.
Template:Italy-building-stub
Arif Ali (21 June 1961 – 31 January 2008) was the regional product director for the Associated Press news agency in Europe, Middle East and Africa.
Arif Ali was born in Pakistan on 21 June 1961.
He first became employed at the AP London bureau in October 1982 as a field service technician. Ali often worked on risky assignments for the AP, including as a technical operations technician in Somalia in the early 1990s as the country collapsed in interclan warfare. His main tasks at this time in his career were keeping satellite phones, satellite systems and power generators working so that AP reporters could file reports for the wire service from remote locations such as Somalia.
Ali also managed a wide range of AP technical projects during his career with the organization. Ali managed the Associated Press Server from 1995 until 2003. He also served as the product manager for the project manager for AP Photo Archive from 1995 to 1999 before being promoted to director of photo technology from 1999 to 2003. Additionally, Ali worked as product manager for the content management systems eAP and eDistribute in 2003 and 2004.
Ali also oversaw the technical operations coordination for large, special events covered by the AP, such as the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano, Japan, and the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.
In 2006 and 2007, Ali guided the creation of a new AP Arabic text service.
Also in 2007, he was honored with the Gramling Award, the Associated Press' top staff award for overseeing the creation and implementation of new AP services.
Arif Ali died at his home in London on 31 January 2008 at the age of 46. He had been ill with cancer for sometime. Ali was survived by his wife, Hina. His funeral was held in Slough, United Kingdom.
"Arif Ali of AP London Dies at 46"
Lewis Peter Alessandra (born 8 February 1989) is an English professional footballer who plays as a striker for League Two club Hartlepool United. He previously played for Oldham Athletic, Chester City, Morecambe, Plymouth Argyle, Rochdale and York City.
Alessandra was born in Heywood, Greater Manchester. Along with his teammate Deane Smalley, Alessandra graduated from Oldham Athletic's youth system. He was a regular in the reserve squad, receiving a contract extension in the summer of 2008. The club awarded the youngster a three-year contract.
On 20 October 2007, Alessandra made his first-team debut in a 1–1 draw versus Huddersfield Town, with his first start coming on 2 February 2008 in a loss to Swansea City. His first goal with the senior squad came at Boundary Park in a 3–1 win over Tranmere Rovers on 8 March 2008. On 26 April 2008, Alessandra scored his second league goal in the 87th minute versus Cheltenham Town, giving Oldham a 2–1 win.
In Oldham's first game of the 2008–09 season, Alessandra scored Oldham's third goal in a 4–3 victory over Millwall. He scored his first senior hat-trick on 28 October, in a 3–0 victory over Scunthorpe United.
At the beginning of the 2010–11 season, Alessandra was converted to a wide player for upcoming season by the new manager enabling him to play up front or on either wing. At the end of the campaign his contract expired and he was informed that he would not be offered a new one.
On 31 July 2009, it was reported that Alessandra was set to join Conference Premier club Chester City on loan. The move was done with the idea of giving the player more time playing and he commented himself that "if he was not getting games with Latics, he might as well go on loan to Chester." The move was initially a trial until the club was able to sign players again. Alessandra scored in a trial game for the club against a Burnley XI and scored his second goal in two games with an early effort against Droylsden.
After briefly returning to Oldham, Chester confirmed they had signed Alessandra on an initial one-month loan on 21 August. The following day, he made his debut in a scoreless draw versus Luton Town, playing more than 90 minutes before he was substituted for defender Kristian Platt. He made four appearances for Chester but after club was expelled from the Football Conference their record was expunged.
Alessandra signed for League Two side Morecambe on 23 June 2011. In two years with the club, he made 82 league appearances and scored nine goals playing in a number of different positions. He was offered a new contract at the end of the 2012–13 season and agreed to sign it but then decided against it and joined Plymouth Argyle.
Alessandra signed a two-year contract with Plymouth Argyle in June 2013. "I know Lewis very well, and his strengths as a striker," said Argyle manager John Sheridan, who gave him his first team debut at Oldham in 2007. "Lewis can play on the right and left of the front line as well as down the middle." Alessandra made his debut in the club's first game of the new season at Southend United, and scored two goals in a League Cup game at Birmingham City three days later. Alessandra scored his first league goal for Argyle against Northampton Town in November. In total Alessandra scored 12 goals in 49 games in all competitions in his first season with the Pilgrims.
In November 2014, be scored his 18th goal in Argyle colours, scoring in a 3–0 win against Portsmouth. This rose Argyle up to 4th in the table, just off the automatic promotion spots. Alessandra's initial role at Plymouth was to be used as a right midfielder, where he spent the duration of the first half of the Pilgrims' 2013–14 season. Sheridan later saw the Midfielder's attacking attributes and decided to play him as a striker, alongside Reuben Reid. Alessandra ended the season with 12 goals in 49 games, with Plymouth finishing 10th in League Two. Alessandra scored 13 goals in 51 games the following season as his side qualified for the League 2 play offs, but were defeated by Wycombe Wanderers in the semi final.
On 8 June 2015, Alessandra signed a two-year contract with League One club Rochdale. Having had limited chances at Rochdale, he joined League Two club York City on a one-month emergency loan on 8 March 2016. He scored in the 20th-minute of his debut in a 1–1 home draw with Barnet on 12 March 2016.
On 29 June 2016, Alessandra signed for League Two club Hartlepool United on undisclosed terms, after having his contract with Rochdale cancelled by mutual consent.
As of match played 7 May 2016.
Lewis Alessandra profile at the official Rochdale A.F.C. website
Lewis Alessandra career statistics at Soccerbase
The inaugural Hungarian Chess Championship was held in the city of Győr in 1906. Initially, there was no governing body responsible for its organisation, until the formation of the Hungarian Chess Federation. The HCF first appeared in 1911, but failed to establish itself properly until 1923.
The regularity of the Championship was patchy prior to 1950, due in part to the two world wars and inadequate funding. Since 1949 however, the HCF has been integrated with the Hungarian Sports Federation and so receives state support. Consequently, the Championship has since been held on an annual basis, with only the occasional omission. Exceptionally two consecutive events have occurred in the same year, due to the event being held at the year end.
The events held in 1981, 1984, 1991 and 1997 were all termed Super Championships. In both 1985 and 1988, the traditional national championship was substituted by an open championship and the winner of both editions was the Hungarian IM Béla Perényi.
As might be expected, the venue for the event has mostly been the capital city, Budapest. The events held post-World War II carry the official numbering (#) shown below, while the events held prior to 1945 are tagged with the letter 'p' (#p).
The 1999 championship (49th Men's, 47th Women's) was held 1–9 February in Lillafüred. In the men's section, the ten-player single round-robin tournament (average Elo rating 2553) was won by GM Zoltán Almási 6.0/9, a half point ahead of GM Gyula Sax and GM Zoltán Varga. The ten-player women's single round-robin (average Elo 2261) was won by WM Nóra Medvegy on tie-break over IM Ildikó Mádl, both with 6.0/9. Although invited by the Hungarian Chess Federation, some of the strongest Hungarian players chose not play this event including Susan Polgar, Judit Polgár, Zsófia Polgár, Péter Lékó, Lajos Portisch, and Zoltán Ribli.
Average Elo: 2299 <=> Cat: 2
Fehér, Gyula (1991–2005), Magyar Országos SakkTájékoztató, results 1991–2005
   (men's winners up to 1985)
Short bio of Attila Schneider
Women's 2007 event Zsuzsa Veroci report
ChessBase online database
Andrés Massieu Fernández (born 5 November 1977) is a Mexican politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party. From 2009 to 2012 he served as Deputy of the LXI Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing the State of Mexico.
Modulator of apoptosis 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the MOAP1 gene.
The protein encoded by this gene was identified by its interaction with apoptosis regulator BAX protein. This protein contains a Bcl-2 homology 3 (BH3)-like motif, which is required for the association with BAX. When overexpressed, this gene has been shown to mediate caspase-dependent apoptosis.
The Operational Service Medal for the Democratic Republic of the Congo is a 21st-century British armed forces campaign medal, awarded mostly to military personnel who served between 14 June and 10 September 2003 on Operation Coral.
The medal is silver and circular in shape and designed as follows:
Obverse, shows the crowned effigy of Queen Elizabeth II.
Reverse, bears the Union Flag, surrounded by the inscription ‘For Operational Service’ and the four major points of the compass, with four Coronets: Royal (top left), Naval (top right), Mural-Army (bottom left), and Astral-Royal Air Force (bottom right).
Ribbon, a broad central red stripe, flanked each side by a stripe of navy blue and one of light blue, to represent the three services, with an outer stripe of ochre, to represent the Congolese landscape.
Clasp, DROC clasp awarded with every medal, a silver rosette denotes the clasp when worn on the ribbon bar.
The medal with clasp is awarded for 25 days continuous service in the Ituri Province between 14 June and 10 September 2003 on Operation Coral.
Operational Service Medal for Afghanistan
Operational Service Medal for Sierra Leone
UK MoD site
The 1996-97 season was the 108th season of competitive football by Celtic.
      Win       Draw       Loss       Postponed
Source: Soccerbot
Rules for classification: 1) points; 2) goal difference; 3) number of goals scored
(C) = Champion; (R) = Relegated; (P) = Promoted; (E) = Eliminated; (O) = Play-off winner; (A) = Advances to a further round.
Only applicable when the season is not finished:
(Q) = Qualified to the phase of tournament indicated; (TQ) = Qualified to tournament, but not yet to the particular phase indicated; (RQ) = Qualified to the relegation tournament indicated; (DQ) = Disqualified from tournament.
Last updated: 22 July 2014.
Source: Competitive matches
Includes all competitive matches. Players listed below made at least one appearance for Celtic first squad during the season.
Last updated: 22 July 2014
Ordered by ,  and 
 = Number of bookings;  = Number of sending offs after a second yellow card;  = Number of sending offs by a direct red card.
Total spending:  £7.95Million
Total income:  £3.72 Million
Bradley David Fenner "Brad" Shields (born 2 April 1991) is a rugby union footballer who plays as a loose forward for Wellington Lions in the ITM Cup and the Hurricanes in Super Rugby.
Shields represented New Zealand under 20 in the 2011 IRB Junior World Championship.
Shields has a younger brother called Nick, who was a member of the New Zealand Under 23 handball team.
Hurricanes profile
Wellington profile
IRB profile
itsrugby.co.uk profile
Namentenga is one of the 45 provinces of Burkina Faso, located in its Centre-Nord Region.
Its capital is Boulsa.
Namentenga is divided into 8 departments:
Boala
Boulsa
Bouroum
D'Argo
Nagbingou
Tougouri
Yalgo
Zeguedeguin
Regions of Burkina Faso
Provinces of Burkina Faso
Communes of Burkina Faso
Oscar Charlie was a 13-episode CBBC children's television series that aired for the first time on 26 September 2001.
The series is about a boy, Charlie Spinner (Eddie Cooper), who discovers that his grandfather, Oscar Spinner (David Swift), is actually a secret agent. He acts as if he is senile but it is just a cover so that nobody would notice. After Charlie confronts Oscar with this they work together on a dangerous assignment.
It doesn't go really well with Oscar Spinner, the father of the twelve-year-old Charlie. Grandpa Oscar regularly forgets his own name and the names of others. He burns his food and lets his bath overflow. So Charlie does not look forward to the family visits with grandpa. But during the stay with his grandfather, Charlie discovered a number of things which are not at all consistent with the picture of the demented grandfather. Oscar appears to solve the most difficult crossword riddles with ease; and in his coat, Charlie finds a super-modern personal digital assistant. When he confronts his grandfather with that, he tells Charlie the truth: Oscar is a secret agent for the British secret service MI5 for more than 30 years. For security reasons he has always kept this a secret for his family. But now that Charlie knows, he asks Charlie to help him with a dangerous and super-secret mission: Operation Bear Trap (Episodes 1 to 7). And this way the old and young Spinner join their strengths in the fight against the international crime and espionage. The second case (Episodes 8 to 13) appears at first glance to be about industrial espionage but it emerges that it in fact involves blackmail of the British Government by an unexpected person who kidnaps Oscar and tries to recruit him.
Charlie Spinner (Eddie Cooper) is a 12-year-old boy. He has a healthy brain. And that's really important for his activities at MI5.
Oscar Spinner (David Swift) is Charlie's grandfather. He acts senile so that nobody discovers his secret. He's really intelligent. He is always happy and charming but gets really angry and concerned when Charlie gets himself into trouble.
Alan Spinner (Owen Brenman) is Oscar's son and Charlie's father. Alan is really strict and he is disappointed in the school results of his son. He is not really smart himself and he believes his father is actually turning senile.
Carol Spinner (Dido Miles) is Charlie's mother. She always stands on Charlie's side when Alan gets angry at him. As a teacher she also knows that Charlie has a lot of talents and is really smart.
Deborah Spinner (Danielle Calvert) is Charlie's older sister. She treats her little brother as a child and finds him annoying. They always argue about everything. There is only one thing where they agree on and that is about their strict father. Deborah is secretly in love with Charlie's best friend: VJ.
VJ and Willoughby are Charlie’s best friends, but they really do not look alike.
Willoughby (Robert Timmins) is a really good student, sometimes a bit unsure and a bit weird. Kind of a nerd actually.
VJ (Wahlid Choglay) is a cool, smooth and self-assured boy. He is 13 but he acts like a 21-year-old. He always tries to make Charlie's image go up but Charlie's dad never agrees on it.
George and Palmer are two people in MI5. They are friends of Oscar.
George (Louis Mahoney) is Oscar's assistant and chauffeur. They have been working together for years. George has kept Oscar out of trouble several times.
Palmer (Michael Fenton-Stevens) is at the head of MI5. He is a guy who can not stand it when they do not follow his orders. He does not like it when Oscar comes up with another idea. Palmer also has manyf secret agendas.
Wednesday 19 June 2002- 40,000 (2nd most watched on CBBC that week)
IMDB page on Oscar Charlie
Oscar Charlie entire series (requires login)
Yousef Karami (Persian: یوسف کرمی‎‎; born March 22, 1983 in Meyaneh, Iran) is an Iranian Taekwondo athlete who competed in the Men's 80 kg at the 2004 Summer Olympics and won the bronze medal. He is also the 2003 world champion (in 78–84 kg). Karami also won gold in the 2006 Asian Games in 84 kg and in the 2010 Asian Games in 87 kg.
Yousef Karami was titled as the most talented sportsman in Taekwondo by the Korea head coach due to his brilliant performance in the 2003 world championship, where he astonished everyone. Karami won the title while he was only 20.
sports-reference.com
The Hessen-Pokal is a Group 3 flat horse race in Germany open to thoroughbreds aged three years or older. It is run at Frankfurt over a distance of 2,000 metres (about 1¼ miles), and it is scheduled to take place each year in November.
The event was established in 1967, and it was originally called the Concentra-Pokal. It used to be held in July, and was initially contested over 2,550 metres. It was cut to 2,500 metres in 1971.
The race was given Group 3 status in 1973. It was shortened to 2,000 metres in 1974. It was renamed after Hesse, the German state where Frankfurt is located, in 1979.
The Hessen-Pokal was promoted to Group 2 level in 1987. It was relegated back to Group 3 in 1989. For a period it was known as the Frankfurt-Pokal.
The race was extended to 2,050 metres in 1999, and restored to 2,000 metres in 2001. It was switched to November in 2006.
Most successful horse (2 wins):
Harris – 1977, 1979
Twist King – 1989, 1990
Leading jockey (3 wins):
Bruce Raymond – Harris (1977, 1979), Ti Amo (1982)
Terence Hellier – Latmos (1994), Imperioso (2000), Tarlac (2005)
Leading trainer (5 wins):
Peter Schiergen – Catella (1999), Imperioso (2000), Zöllner (2001), Soldier Hollow (2004), Elle Shadow (2010)
 a  The 2008 running took place at Hanover.
 b  The 2010 edition was held at Dortmund.
List of German flat horse races
Recurring sporting events established in 1967 – this race is included under its original title, Concentra-Pokal.
Racing Post / siegerlisten.com:
1983, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002
2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012
galopp-sieger.de – Frankfurt Cup.
galopp-sieger.de – Hessen-Pokal.
horseracingintfed.com – International Federation of Horseracing Authorities – Hessen-Pokal (2012).
pedigreequery.com – Hessen-Pokal – Frankfurt.
Pat Marsh (born January 6, 1949 in Fayetteville, Tennessee) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Tennessee House of Representatives representing District 62 since winning the special election on October 13, 2009 to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Representative Curt Cobb.
Marsh earned his BS in business and transportation from the University of Tennessee.
2012 Marsh was unopposed for both the August 2, 2012 Republican Primary, winning with 3,008 votes, and the November 6, 2012 General election, winning with 15,423 votes.
2009 In the District 62 special election to succeed Democratic Representative Curt Cobb, March ran in the four-way August 27, 2009 Republican Primary, winning with 1,826 votes (69.7%), and won the three-way October 13, 2009 General election with 4,931 votes (55.7%) against Democratic nominee Ty Cobb and Independent candidate Christopher Brown.
2010 Marsh was challenged in the August 5, 2010 Republican Primary, winning with 6,087 votes (87.3%), and won the November 2, 2010 General election with 11,931 votes (74.8%) against Democratic nominee Jenny Hunt.
Official page at the Tennessee General Assembly
Campaign site
Profile at Project Vote Smart
Pat Marsh at Ballotpedia
Pat Marsh at the National Institute on Money in State Politics
The Embassy of Moldova in Moscow is the diplomatic mission of Moldova to Russia. The Embassy provides consular services to Moldovan citizens residing or travelling in Russia.
Petru Lucinschi (1992—1993)
Anatol Țăranu (1993—1994)
Valeriu Pasat (1994—1997)
Valeriu Bobuțac (1998—2001)
Vladimir Țurcan (2002—2005)
Vasile Sturza (2006—2008)
Andrei Neguța (December 2008 – 25 April 2012 )
Andrei Galbur (from 28 November 2012)
Address: 107031, Moscow, Kuznetskiy Most str., 18/7
Telepfone: (+7 495) 624 53 53; (+7 495) 624 80 91
Fax: (+7 495) 624 90 95
E-mail: moscovamfa.md
Consular Service: 107031, Moscow, Rozhdestvenka str., 7/18
List of diplomatic missions of Moldova
Moldova–Russia relations
Embassy of Moldova in Moscow
"Evolution of flight" redirects here. See also flying and gliding animals and insect flight.
Around 350 BCE, Aristotle and other philosophers of the time attempted to explain the aerodynamics of avian flight. Even after the discovery of the ancestral bird Archaeopteryx over 150 years ago, debates still persist regarding the evolution of flight. There are three leading hypotheses pertaining to avian flight: Pouncing Proavis model, Cursorial model, and Arboreal model. Archaeopteryx, the oldest known ancestor of modern birds, could provide clues to the origin of avian flight.
For flight to occur in Aves, four physical forces (thrust and drag, lift and weight) must be favorably combined. In order for birds to balance these forces, certain physical characteristics are required. Asymmetrical wings, found on all flying birds with the exception of hummingbirds, help in the production of thrust and lift. Anything that moves through the air produces drag due to friction. The aerodynamic body of a bird can reduce drag, but when stopping or slowing down a bird will use its tail and feet to increase drag. Weight is the largest obstacle birds must overcome in order to fly. An animal can more easily attain flight by reducing its absolute weight. Birds evolved from other theropod dinosaurs that had already gone through a phase of size reduction during the Middle Jurassic, combined with rapid evolutionary changes. Flying birds during their evolution further reduced relative weight through several characteristics such as the loss of teeth, gonadal hypertrophy, and fusion of bones. Teeth were replaced by a lightweight bill made of keratin, and chewing moved to the bird's gizzard. Other advanced physical characteristics evolved for flight are a keel for the attachment of flight muscles and an enlarged cerebellum for fine motor coordination. These were gradual changes, though, and not strict conditions for flight: the first birds had teeth, at best a small keel and relatively unfused bones. Pneumatic bone, that is hollow or filled with air sacs, has often been seen as an adaptation reducing weight, but it was already present in non-flying dinosaurs, and birds on average do not have a lighter skeleton than mammals of the same size. The same is true for the furcula, a bone which enhances skeletal bracing for the stresses of flight.
The mechanics of an avian's wings involve a complex interworking of forces, particularly at the shoulder where most of the wings' motions take place. These functions depend on a precise balance of forces from the muscles, ligaments, and articular cartilages as well as inertial, gravitational, and aerodynamic loads on the wing.
Birds have two main muscles in their wing that are responsible for flight: the pectoralis and the supracoracoideus. The pectoralis is the largest muscle in the wing and is the primary depressor and pronator of the wing. The supracoracoideus is the second largest and is the primary elevator and supinator. In addition, there are distal wing muscles that assist the bird in flight.
Prior to their existence on birds, feathers were present on the bodies of many dinosaur species. Through natural selection, feathers became more common among the animals as their wings developed over the course of tens of millions of years. The smooth surface of feathers on a bird's body helps to reduce friction while in flight. The tail, also consisting of feathers, helps the bird to maneuver and glide.
A theory of a pouncing proavis was first proposed by Garner, Taylor, and Thomas in 1999:
We propose that birds evolved from predators that specialized in ambush from elevated sites, using their raptorial hindlimbs in a leaping attack. Drag–based, and later lift-based, mechanisms evolved under selection for improved control of body position and locomotion during the aerial part of the attack. Selection for enhanced lift-based control led to improved lift coefficients, incidentally turning a pounce into a swoop as lift production increased. Selection for greater swooping range would finally lead to the origin of true flight.
The authors believed that this theory had four main virtues:
It predicts the observed sequence of character acquisition in avian evolution.
It predicts an Archaeopteryx-like animal, with a skeleton more or less identical to terrestrial theropods, with few adaptations to flapping, but very advanced aerodynamic asymmetrical feathers.
It explains that primitive pouncers (perhaps like Microraptor) could coexist with more advanced fliers (like Confuciusornis or Sapeornis) since they did not compete for flying niches.
It explains that the evolution of elongated rachis-bearing feathers began with simple forms that produced a benefit by increasing drag. Later, more refined feather shapes could begin to also provide lift.
A cursorial, or "running" model was originally proposed by Samuel Wendell Williston in 1879. This theory states that "flight evolved in running bipeds through a series of short jumps". As the length of the jumps extended, the wings were used not only for thrust but also for stability, and eventually eliminated the gliding intermediate. This theory was modified in the 1970s by John Ostrom to describe the use of wings as an insect-foraging mechanism which then evolved into a wing stroke. Research was conducted by comparing the amount of energy expended by each hunting method with the amount of food gathered. The potential hunting volume doubles by running and jumping. To gather the same volume of food, Archaeopteryx would expend less energy by running and jumping than by running alone. Therefore, the cost/benefit ratio would be more favorable for this model. Due to Archaeopteryx's long and erect leg, supporters of this model say the species was a terrestrial bird. This characteristic allows for more strength and stability in the hindlimbs. Thrust produced by the wings coupled with propulsion in the legs generates the minimum velocity required to achieve flight. This wing motion is thought to have evolved from asymmetrical propulsion flapping motion. Thus, through these mechanisms, Archaeopteryx was able to achieve flight from the ground up.
Although the evidence in favor of this model is scientifically plausible, the evidence against it is substantial. For instance, a cursorial flight model would be energetically less favorable when compared to the alternative hypotheses. In order to achieve liftoff, Archaeopteryx would have to run faster than modern birds by a factor of three, due to its weight. Furthermore, the mass of Archaeopteryx versus the distance needed for minimum velocity to obtain liftoff speed is proportional, therefore, as mass increases, the energy required for takeoff increases. Other research has shown that the physics involved in cursorial flight would not make this a likely answer to the origin of avian flight. Once flight speed is obtained and Archaeopteryx is in the air, drag would cause the velocity to instantaneously decrease; balance could not be maintained due to this immediate reduction in velocity. Hence, Archaeopteryx would have a very short and ineffective flight. In contrast to Ostrom’s theory regarding flight as a hunting mechanism, physics again does not support this model. In order to effectively trap insects with the wings, Archaeopteryx would require a mechanism such as holes in the wings to reduce air resistance. Without this mechanism, the cost/benefit ratio would not be feasible.
The decrease in efficiency when looking at the cursorial model is caused by the flapping stroke needed to achieve flight. This stroke motion needs both wings to move in a symmetrical motion, or together. This is opposed to an asymmetrical motion like that in humans' arms while running. The symmetrical motion would be costly in the cursorial model because it would be difficult while running on the ground, compared to the arboreal model where it is natural for an animal to move both arms together when falling. There is also a large fitness reduction between the two extremes of asymmetrical and symmetrical flapping motion so the therapods would have evolved to one of the extremes.
The WAIR hypothesis, a version of the "cursorial model" of the evolution of avian flight, in which birds' wings originated from forelimb modifications that provided downforce, enabling the proto-birds to run up extremely steep slopes such as the trunks of trees, was prompted by observation of young chukar chicks, and proposes that wings developed their aerodynamic functions as a result of the need to run quickly up very steep slopes such as tree trunks, for example to escape from predators. Note that in this scenario birds need downforce to give their feet increased grip. It has been argued that early birds, including Archaeopteryx, lacked the shoulder mechanism by which modern birds' wings produce swift, powerful upstrokes; since the downforce on which WAIR depends is generated by upstrokes, it seems that early birds were incapable of WAIR. However, a study that found lift generated from wings to be the primary factor for successfully accelerating a body toward a substrate during WAIR indicated the onset of flight ability was constrained by neuromuscular control or power output rather than by external wing morphology itself and that partially developed wings not yet capable of flight could indeed provide useful lift during WAIR. Additionally, examination of the work and power requirements for extant bird pectoralis contractile behavior during WAIR at different angles of substrate incline demonstrated incremental increases in these requirements, both as WAIR angles increased and in the transition from WAIR to flapping flight. This provides a model for an evolutionary transition from terrestrial to aerial locomotion as transitional forms incrementally adapted to meet the work and power requirements to scale steeper and steeper inclines using WAIR and the incremental increases from WAIR to flight.
Birds use wing-assisted inclined running from the day they hatch to increase locomotion. This can also be said for birds or feathered therapods whose wing muscles cannot generate enough force to fly, and shows how this behavior could have evolved to help these therapods then eventually led to flight. The progression from wing-assisted incline running to flight can be seen in the growth of birds, from when they are hatchlings to fully grown. They begin with wing-assisted incline running and slowly alter their wing strokes for flight as they grow and are able to make enough force. These transitional stages that lead to flight are both physical and behavioral. The transitions over a hatchling's life can be correlated with the evolution of flight on a macro scale. If protobirds are compared to hatchlings their physical traits such as wing size and behavior may have been similar. Flapping flight is limited by the size and muscle force of a wing. Even while using the correct model of arboreal or cursorial, protobirds' wings were not able to sustain flight, but they did most likely gain the behaviors needed for the arboreal or cursorial model like today's birds do when hatched. There are similar steps between the two. Wing-assisted incline running can also produce a useful lift in babies but is very small compared to that of juveniles and adult birds. This lift was found responsible for body acceleration when going up an incline and leads to flight as the bird grows.
This model was originally proposed in 1880 by Othniel C. Marsh. The theory states Archaeopteryx was a reptilian bird that soared from tree to tree. After the leap, Archaeopteryx would then use its wings as a balancing mechanism. According to this model, Archaeopteryx developed a gliding method to conserve energy. Even though an arboreal Archaeopteryx exerts energy climbing the tree, it is able to achieve higher velocities and cover greater distances during the gliding phase, which conserves more energy in the long run than a cursorial bipedal runner. Conserving energy during the gliding phase makes this a more energy-efficient model. Therefore, the benefits gained by gliding outweigh the energy used in climbing the tree. A modern behavior model to compare against would be that of the flying squirrel. In addition to energy conservation, arboreality is generally associated positively with survival, at least in mammals.
The evolutionary path between arboreality and flight has been proposed through a number of hypotheses. Dudley and Yanoviak proposed that animals that live in trees generally end up high enough that a fall, purposeful or otherwise, would generate enough speed for aerodynamic forces to have an effect on the body. Many animals, even those which do not fly, demonstrate the ability to right themselves and face the ground ventrally, then exhibiting behaviors that act against aerodynamic forces to slow their rate of descent in a process known as parachuting. Arboreal animals that were forced by predators or simply fell from trees that exhibited these kinds of behaviors would have been in a better position to eventually evolve capabilities that were more akin to flight as we know them today.
Researchers in support of this model have suggested that Archaeopteryx possessed skeletal features similar to those of modern birds. The first such feature to be noted was the supposed similarity between the foot of Archaeopteryx and that of modern perching birds. The hallux, or modified of the first digit of the foot, was long thought to have pointed posterior to the remaining digits, as in perching birds. Therefore, researchers once concluded that Archaeopteryx used the hallux as a balancing mechanism on tree limbs. However, study of the Thermopolis specimen of Archeopteryx, which has the most complete foot of any known, showed that the hallux was not in fact reversed, limiting the creature's ability to perch on branches and implying a terrestrial or trunk-climbing lifestyle. Another skeletal feature that is similar in Archaeopteryx and modern birds is the curvature of the claws. Archaeopteryx possessed the same claw curvature of the foot to that of perching birds. However, the claw curvature of the hand in Archaeopteryx was similar to that in basal birds. Based upon the comparisons of modern birds to Archaeopteryx, perching characteristics were present, signifying an arboreal habitat. The ability for takeoff and flight was originally thought to require a supracoracoideus pulley system (SC). This system consists of a tendon joining the humerus and coracoid process of the scapula, allowing rotation of the humerus during the upstroke. However, this system is lacking in Archaeopteryx. Based on experiments performed by M. Sy in 1936, it was proven that the SC pulley system was not required for flight from an elevated position but was necessary for cursorial takeoff.
Tetrapteryx, a four-winged stage proposed by William Beebe; hindlimb feathers on Microraptor and Anchiornis have been interpreted as evidence of four-winged gliding.
Baier, D.B., Gatesy, S.M., & Jenkins Jr., F.A. (2007). A critical ligamentous mechanism in the evolution of avian flight. Nature, 445(7125), 307-310
Chatterjee, S. 1997. The Rise of Birds. The Johns Hopkins University Press. Baltimore. p. 150-151, 153, 158.
Chatterjee, S. and R. J. Templin. 2002. “The flight of Archaeopteryx.” Naturwissenschaften. 90: 27-32.
Elzanowoski, A. 2000. “The Flying Dinosaurs.” Ed. Paul, G. The Scientific American Book of Dinosaurs. p. 178.
Feduccia, A. 1999. The Origin and Evolution of Birds. Yale University Press. London. p. 95, 97, 101, 103-104, 136.
Garner, J., G. Taylor, and A. Thomas. 1999. “On the origins of birds: the sequence of character acquisition in the evolution of avian flight.” The Royal Society. 266: 1259-1266.
Gill, F. 2007. Ornithology. W.H. Freeman and Company. New York. p. 25, 29, 40-41.
Lewin, R. 1983. “How did vertebrates take to the air?” Science. 221: 38-39.
Morell, V. 1993. “Archaeopteryx: early bird catches a can of worms.” Science. 259: 764-765.
Ostrom, J. 1974. “Archaeopteryx and the origin of flight.” The Quarterly Review of Biology. 49: 27-47.
Paul, G. 2002. Dinosaurs of the Air. The Johns Hopkins University Press. London. p. 134-135.
Videler, J. 2005. Avian Flight. Oxford University Press. Oxford. P. 2, 91-98.
Zhou, Z. 2004. “The origin and early evolution of birds: discoveries, disputes, and Perspectives from fossil evidence.” Naturwissenschaften. 91: 455-471.
Flight of the Archaeopteryx (journal article)
Arboreal argument
Cultivated plant taxonomy is the study of the theory and practice of the science that identifies, describes, classifies, and names cultigens—those plants whose origin or selection is primarily due to intentional human activity. Cultivated plant taxonomists do, however, work with all kinds of plants in cultivation.
Cultivated plant taxonomy is one part of the study of horticultural botany which is mostly carried out in botanical gardens, large nurseries, universities, or government departments. Areas of special interest for the cultivated plant taxonomist include: searching for and recording new plants suitable for cultivation (plant hunting); communicating with and advising the general public on matters concerning the classification and nomenclature of cultivated plants and carrying out original research on these topics; describing the cultivated plants of particular regions (horticultural floras); maintaining databases, herbaria and other information about cultivated plants.
Much of the work of the cultivated plant taxonomist is concerned with the naming of plants as prescribed by two plant nomenclatural Codes. The provisions of the International Code of Nomenclature for algae, fungi, and plants (Botanical Code) serve primarily scientific ends and the objectives of the scientific community, while those of the International Code of Nomenclature for Cultivated Plants (Cultivated Plant Code) are designed to serve both scientific and utilitarian ends by making provision for the names of plants used in commerce — the cultigens that have arisen in agriculture, forestry and horticulture. These names, sometimes called variety names, are not in Latin but are added onto the scientific Latin names, and they assist communication among the community of foresters, farmers and horticulturists.
The history of cultivated plant taxonomy can be traced from the first plant selections that occurred during the agrarian Neolithic Revolution to the first recorded naming of human plant selections by the Romans. The naming and classification of cultigens followed a similar path to that of all plants until the establishment of the first Cultivated Plant Code in 1953 which formally established the cultigen classification category of cultivar. Since that time the classification and naming of cultigens has followed its own path.
Cultivated plant taxonomy has been distinguished from the taxonomy of other plants in at least five ways. Firstly, there is a distinction made according to where the plants are growing — that is, whether they are wild or cultivated. This is alluded to by the Cultivated Plant Code which specifies in its title that it is dealing with cultivated plants. Secondly, a distinction is made according to how the plants originated. This is indicated in Principle 2 of the Cultivated Plant Code which defines the scope of the Code as "... plants whose origin or selection is primarily due to the intentional actions of mankind" — plants that have evolved under natural selection with human assistance.Thirdly, cultivated plant taxonomy is concerned with plant variation that requires the use of special classification categories that do not conform with the hierarchy of ranks implicit in the Botanical Code, these categories being the cultivar, Group and grex (which are only loosely equivalent to ranks in the Botanical Code). This feature is also referred to in the Preamble to the Cultivated Plant Code which states that "The purpose of giving a name to a taxon is not to indicate its characters or history, but to supply a means of referring to it and to indicate to which category it is assigned." Fourthly, cultivated plant taxonomy serves a particular community of people: the Botanical Code focuses on the needs of plant taxonomists as they attempt to maintain order and stability for the scientific names of all plants, while the Cultivated Plant Code caters for the needs of people requiring names for plants used in the commercial world of agriculture, forestry and horticulture. Finally, the difference between cultivated plant taxonomy and the taxonomy of other plants has been attributed to the purpose for which the taxonomy has been devised, it being plant-centred in the Botanical Code and human-centred in the Cultivated Plant Code.
The key activities of cultivated plant taxonomy relate to classification (taxonomy) and naming (nomenclature). The rules associated with naming plants are separate from the methods, principles or purposes of classification, except that the units of classification, the taxa, are placed in a nested hierarchy of ranks – like species within genera, and genera within families. There are three classification categories used in the Cultivated Plant Code, the cultivar and the Group and the grex, but they are only loosely equivalent to ranks in the Botanical Code.
From the time of the ancient world, at least, plants have been classified in two ways. On the one hand there is the detached academic, philosophical or scientific interest in plants themselves: this groups plants by their relationship to one another according to their similarities and differences in structure and function. Then there is the practical, utilitarian or anthropocentric interest which groups plants according to their human use. Cultivated plant taxonomy is concerned with the special classification categories needed for the plants of agriculture, horticulture and forestry as regulated by the Cultivated Plant Code. This Code serves not only the scientific interests of formal nomenclature, it also caters for the special utilitarian needs of people dealing with the plants of commerce. Those cultigens given names governed by the Cultivated Plant Code fulfill three criteria: they have special features considered of sufficient importance to warrant a name; the special features are the result of deliberate human breeding or selection and are not found in wild populations (except in rare cases where the special features represent desirable part of natural variation found in wild populations that is not covered by a scientific name); it is possible to perpetuate the desirable features by propagation in cultivation.
The terms cultigen and cultivar may be confused with each other. Cultigen is a general-purpose term for plants that have been deliberately altered or specially selected by humans, while cultivar is a formal classification category. Cultigens include not only plants with cultivar names but also those with names in the classification categories of grex and Group. The Cultivated Plant Code points out that cultigens are: deliberately selected plants that may have arisen by intentional or accidental hybridization in cultivation, by selection from existing cultivated stocks, or from variants within wild populations that are maintained as recognizable entities solely by continued propagation. Included within the group of plants known as cultigens are genetically modified plants, plants with binomial Latin names that are the result of ancient human selection, and any plants that have been altered by humans but which have not been given formal names. In practice most cultigens are cultivars.
The following account of the historical development of cultivated plant taxonomy traces the way cultigens have arisen and been incorporated into botanical science; it also demonstrates how two approaches to plant nomenclature and classification have led to the present-day International Code of Nomenclature for algae, fungi, and plants and International Code of Nomenclature for Cultivated Plants.
The history of cultigen nomenclature has been discussed by William T. Stearn and Brandenberg, Hetterscheid and Berg. It has also been examined from a botanical perspective and from the origin of the Cultivated Plant Code in 1953 until 2004.
The early development of cultigen taxonomy follows that of plant taxonomy in general as the early listing and documentation of plants made little distinction between those that were anthropogenic and those that were natural wild kinds. Formal botanical nomenclature and classification evolved from the simple binomial system of folk taxonomy and it was not until the mid-19th century that the nomenclatural path of cultigens began to diverge from mainstream plant taxonomy.
William T. Stearn (1911–2001), taxonomic botanist, classical scholar and author of the book Botanical Latin has commented that "cultivated plants [cultigens] are mankind's most vital and precious heritage from remote antiquity". Cultigens of our most common economic plants probably date back to the first settled communities of the Neolithic Revolution 10,000 to 12,000 years ago although their exact time and place of true origin will probably remain a mystery. In the Western world among the first cultigens would have been selections of the cereals wheat and barley that arose in the early settlements of the Fertile Crescent (the fertile river valleys of the Nile, Tigris and Euphrates) in the Western Mediterranean. Food plant selections would also have been made in the ten or so other centres of settlement that occurred around the world at this time. Confining crops to local areas gave rise to landraces (selections that are highly adapted to local conditions) although these are now largely replaced by modern cultivars. Cuttings are an extremely effective way of perpetuating desirable characters, especially of woody plants like grapes, figs and olives so it is not surprising that these are among the first known plant selections perpetuated in cultivation in the West. Migrating people would take their plant seeds and cuttings with them; there is evidence of early Fertile Crescent cereal cultigens being transferred from Western Asia to surrounding lands.
As early as the 5th century BCE the Greek philosopher Hippo expressed the opinion that cultigens (as we call them now) were produced from wild plants as the result of the care bestowed on them by man, a revolutionary view at a time when they were regarded as the special creation and gift of the gods. In devising ways of classifying organisms the philosopher Aristotle (384–322 BCE) established the important idea of a fundamentum divisionis — the principle that groups can be progressively subdivided. This has been assumed in biological classification ever since and is congruent with the relatively recent idea of evolution as descent with modification. All biological classification follows this principle of groups within groups, known as a nested hierarchy, but this form of classification does not necessarily presuppose evolution.
The earliest scientific (rather than utilitarian) approach to plants is attributed to Aristotle's student Theophrastus (371–286 BCE), known as the "father of botany". In his Enquiry into Plants Theophrastus described 480 kinds of plant, dividing the plant kingdom into trees, shrubs, undershrubs and herbs with further subdivision into wild and cultivated, flowering and non-flowering, deciduous or evergreen.
The utilitarian approach, classifying plants according to their medicinal properties, is exemplified by the work of Roman nobleman, scientist and historian, Pliny the Elder (29–79 CE) author of Naturalis historiae. "Cultivars" listed here are named after people, places or special plant characteristics. Most notable is the work of Dioscorides (ca.40–ca.90 CE) a Greek doctor who worked with the Roman army. His five-volume Materia Medica was a forerunner of the herbal which led to the modern pharmacopoeia. This work was endlessly plagiarised by later herbals including those printed between about 1470 and 1670 CE: it listed 600 to 1000 different kinds of plants including the cultigens Gallica, Centifolia, the rose of uncertain origin known as Alba and other rose cultivars grown by the Romans.
The first record of a named cultigen occurs in De Agri Cultura. written about 160 BCE by Roman statesman Cato the Elder (234–149 BCE) in a list that includes 120 kinds (cultivars) of figs, grapes, apples and olives. The names are presented in a way that implies that they would have been familiar to fellow Romans. The "cultivar" names were mostly of one word and denoted the provenance of the cultivar (the geographical origin of the place where the plant selections were made). Writers up to the 15th century added little to this early work. In the Middle Ages the book of hours, early herbals, illuminated manuscripts and economic records indicate that plants grown by the Romans found their way into monastery gardens. For example, in 827 CE the following herbs were mentioned in the poem Hortulus by Walafrid Strabo as growing in the monastery garden of St Gallen in Switzerland: sage, rue, southernwood, wormwood, horehound, fennel, German iris, lovage, chervil, Madonna lily, opium poppy, clary, mint, betony, agrimony, catmint, radish, gallica rose, bottle gourd and melon. It seems likely that aromatic and culinary herbs were quite widespread and similar lists of plants occur in records of plants grown in Villa gardens at the time of Charlemagne (742–814 CE).
The revival of learning during the Renaissance reinvigorated the study of plants and their classification. From about 1400 CE European expansion established Latin as the common language of scholars and it was adopted for biological nomenclature. Then, from about 1500 CE, the publication of herbals (books often illustrated with woodcuts describing the appearance, medicinal properties, and other characteristics of plants used in herbal medicine) extended the formal documentation of plants and by the late 16th century the number of different plant kinds described in Europe had risen to about 4,000. In 1623 Gaspard Bauhin published his Pinax theatre botanici an attempt at a comprehensive compilation of all plants known at that time: it included about 6000 kinds. The combined works of a German physician and botanist Valerius Cordus (1515–1544 CE) which were published in 1562 included many named "cultivars" including 30 apples and 49 pears, presumably local German selections. English herbalist John Parkinson's Paradisi in Sole ... (1629) lists 57 apple "cultivars", 62 pears, 61 plums, 35 cherries and 22 peaches.
With increasing trade in economic and medicinal plants the need for a more comprehensive classification system increased. Up to about 1650 CE plants had been grouped either alphabetically or according to utilitarian folk taxonomy – by their medicinal uses or whether they were trees, shrubs or herbs. Between 1650 and 1700 CE there was a move from the utilitarian back to a scientific natural classification based on the characters of the plants themselves.
In 1700 French botanist J.P. de Tournefort although still using the broad groupings of "trees" and "herbs" for flowering plants, began to use flower characteristics as distinguishing features and, most importantly, provided a clear definition of the genus as a basic unit of classification. In Institutiones Rei Herbariae he listed about 10,000 different plants, which he called species, organised into 698 genera with illustrations. The establishment of this precursor of scientific classification vastly improved the organisation of plant variation into approximately equivalent groups or ranks and many of his genera were later taken up by Carl Linnaeus. There was still at this time no common agreement on the way to present plant names so they ranged in length from one word to lengthy descriptive sentences. As the number of recorded plants increased this naming system became more unwieldy.
In England the tradition of documenting garden plants was established long before Linnaeus' Species Plantarum starting with the herbals, but the most prominent early chronicler was Philip Miller (1691–1771) who was a master gardener in charge of the Chelsea Physic Garden in London from 1722 to 1770. New plants were coming into Western Europe from southern Europe and the overseas colonies of the Dutch, British and French. These new plants came largely to the botanic gardens of Amsterdam, Leiden, Chelsea and Paris and they needed recording. In 1724 Miller produced a two-volume compendium of garden plants called The Gardeners and Florists Dictionary or a complete System of Horticulture. The first edition was in 1724, subsequently revised and enlarged until the last and 8th edition in 1768 by which time he had adopted Linnaean binomials. For a while this publication was taken as the starting point for "horticultural" nomenclature equivalent to Linnaeus' Species Plantarum which is now taken as the starting point for botanical nomenclature in general. Miller's Dictionary was the first of many English horticultural compendia whose history has been traced by William Stearn.
In the early 18th century colonial expansion and exploration created a demand for the description of thousands of new organisms. This highlighted difficulties in communication about plants, the replication of their descriptions, and the importance of an agreed way of presenting, publishing and applying their names.
It was the Swedish botanist Carl Linnaeus who finally put order into this situation as he attempted to name all the known organisms of his day. In 1735 his Systema Naturae, which included animals (the tenth edition became the starting point for zoological nomenclature) was followed by Critica Botanica in 1737, and Philosophia Botanica in 1751. But it was his most comprehensive work on plants, the 1753 publication Species Plantarum that formalised the name of a genus with a single epithet to form the name of a species as two words, the binomial thus making secure the biological system of binomial nomenclature. In these works Linnaeus used a third name as a variety within a species. These varieties included both wild and horticultural variants. The horticultural varieties were still written in Latin and some have persisted to this day.
Linnaeus had very definite and uncomplimentary views about cultigens, regarding them as inferior plants for the amusement of those people he disparagingly called anthophiles (flower-lovers); these were plants not deserving the attention of serious botanists. His views revealed both his prejudice, his stance on special creation, and his recognition of the difficulties entailed in cultivated plant taxonomy:
The natural distribution of plants across the world has determined when and where cultigens have been produced. The botanical and horticultural collection of economically important plants, including ornamentals, was based in Europe. Although economic herbs and spices had a long history in trade, and there are good records of cultivar distribution by the Romans, European botanical and horticultural exploration rapidly increased in the 19th century with the colonial expansion taking place at the time. New plants were brought back to Europe while, at the same time, valuable economic plants, including those from the tropics, were distributed among the colonies. This plant trade has provided the common global heritage of economic and ornamental cultigens that we use today and which formed the stock for modern plant selection, breeding, and genetic engineering. The plant exchange that occurred as a result of European trade can be divided into several phases:
to 1560 mostly within Europe
1560–1620 Near East (esp. bulbous plants from Turkey – "tulipomania")
1620–1686 Canada and Virginia herbaceous plants
1687–1772 Cape of South Africa
1687–1772 North American trees and shrubs
1772–1820 Australia, Tasmania, New Zealand
1820–1900 Tropical glasshouse plants; hardy Japanese plants
1900–1930 West China
1930 Intensive breeding and selection programs
As the community of people dealing with the cultigens of commerce grew so, once again, the divergence between taxonomy serving scientific purposes and utilitarian taxonomy meeting human needs re-emerged. In 1865 German botanist Karl Koch, who became General Secretary of the Berlin Horticultural Society, expressed resentment at the continued use of Latin for cultigen names. Many proposals to deal with this were made, perhaps the most prominent being the Lois de la nomenclature botanique submitted in 1867 to the fourth Horticultural and Botanical Congress by Swiss botanist Alphonse de Candolle who, in Article 40 stated:
"Seedlings, half-breeds (métis) of unknown origin or sports should receive from horticulturists fancy names (noms de fantaisie) in common language, as distinct as possible from the Latin names of species or varieties."
This Article, making provision for the cultigens of horticultural nomenclature was to remain in the Botanical Code (with a minor amendment in 1935 suggesting the use of the letter 'c' before the horticultural name and antedating formal recognition of the cultivar) through 1906, 1912 and 1935 until the separation, in 1953, of the Horticultural Code, precursor to the International Code of Nomenclature for Cultivated Plants (Cultivated Plant Code). In 1900 there was the first International Botanical Congress and in 1905 at the second Congress in Vienna an agreed set of nomenclatural rules was established, the Vienna Rules, which became known from then on as the International Code of Botanical Nomenclature (now the International Code of Nomenclature for algae, fungi, and plants). After World War II the responsibility for the Botanical Code was taken up by the International Association for Plant Taxonomy and meetings to discuss revisions are held at six-yearly intervals, the latest being in 2005
In horticulture at this time there existed all the problems that had confronted botanists in the 19th century – a plethora of names of various length, written and published in many languages with much duplication. The period between 1867 and 1953 was an uneasy time in which American horticulturists and other groups in Europe, such as the specialist orchid community, made attempts to put order into this chaos within their particular group of interest and devising their own rules for naming the plants of commerce. Friedrich Alefeld (1820–1872), who used Latin variety names, in a monographic study of beans, lentils and other legumes distinguished three infraspecific taxonomic categories: Unterart (subspecies), Varietäten Gruppe and Kultur-Varietät, all with Latin names. In doing this he was probably laying the ground for the later establishment of the cultigen classification categories cultivar and Group. In conjunction with the Brussels International Botanical Congress of 1910 there was an International Horticultural Congress having a horticultural nomenclature component.
As a result of general dissatisfaction and a submission from the Royal Horticultural Society the Règles de Nomenclature Horticole was established. The use of simple descriptive Latin names (e.g. compactus, nanus, prostratus) for horticultural variants was accepted and so too were names in the local language – which were not to be translated and should preferably consist of one word and a maximum of three. This first Horticultural Code consisted of 16 Articles. With the intercession of a World War I it was not until the 9th Horticultural Congress in London in 1930 that the rules of a Horticulture Nomenclature Committee were agreed and added as an appendix to the 1935 Botanical Code. The rules established in 1935 were accepted but needed to be extended to include the cultigens of agriculture and forestry, but it was only a result of discussions at the 1950 International Botanical Congress in Stockholm and the 18th International Horticultural Congress in London in 1952 the first International Code of Nomenclature for Cultivated Plants was published in 1953. The American horticultural botanist Liberty Hyde Bailey was responsible for coining the word cultigen in 1918 and cultivar in 1923, the word cultivar only coming into general circulation with the new Code of 1953. The use of these two terms belies the multitude of classification terms and categories that had been suggested as designations for cultigens.
The first Cultivated Plant Code (Wageningen), which was published in 1953, has been followed by eight subsequent editions – in 1958 (Utrecht), 1961 (update of 1958), 1969 (Edinburgh), 1980 (Seattle), 1995 (Edinburgh), 2004 (Toronto) and 2009 (Wageningen).
Following the structure of the Botanical Code the Cultivated Plant Code is set out in the form of an initial set of Principles followed by Rules and Recommendations that are subdivided into Articles. Amendments to the Cultivated Plant Code are prompted by international symposia for cultivated plant taxonomy which allow for rulings made by the International Commission on the Nomenclature of Cultivated Plants. Each new Cultivated Plant Code includes a summary of the changes made to the previous version and these have also been summarised for the period 1953 to 1995.
Recent concerns have focused on international communication on cultivated plant taxonomy, organisation of international symposia, and general communication on topics of interest. In 1988 a Horticultural Taxonomy Group (Hortax) was formed in the UK and a parallel organisation, the Nomenclature and Registration Working Group of the Vaste Keurings Commissie in the Netherlands. One development promoting discussion was the newsletter Hortax News which was superseded in February 2006 by the first issue of Hanburyana, a journal produced by the Royal Horticultural Society in London and dedicated to horticultural taxonomy. This filled a gap left when the American journal Baileya ceased publication in the early 1990s. Another development was the launch, in 2007, at the Sixth Symposium on the Taxonomy of Cultivated Plants at Wageningen of the International Association for Cultivated Plant Taxonomy. Hortax also publishes Plant Names: A Guide for Horticulturists, Nurserymen, Gardeners and Students.
Most cultigens have names consisting of a Latin name that is governed by the International Code of Nomenclature for algae, fungi, and plants e.g. Malus domestica, to which is added a cultigen epithet, enclosed in single quotes e.g. Malus domestica 'Granny Smith'. The formation and use of the three classification categories (ranks) used for cultigens, the cultivar, Group and grex, is regulated by the ICNCP. Examples of acceptable ways to present cultigen names are given below:
Prunus serrata Sato-zakura Group
Prunus serrata (Sato-zakura Group) 'Ojochin'
Prunus 'Ojochin'
Flowering cherry 'Ojochin'
Current challenges for cultivated plant taxonomists include: the use of large plant name databases; ways of dealing with the use of non-scientific names in commerce (known as trade designations), especially for plant labels in nurseries; intellectual property and plants; adapting modern technology, in particular molecular techniques, to the creation and identification of cultivars; maintaining germplasm collections of cultivars, including herbaria; the recording and registration of cultivars.
The ways in which the plant variation resulting from human activity is named and classified remains contentious. The replacement of the expression "cultivated plant" with the word "cultigen" is not universally accepted. The debate continues concerning the notions of ranks and taxa as applied to cultigens. Is it appropriate to call the highly modified transgenic products of human artificial selection "taxa" in the same way we do for the products of natural selection in the wild? To overcome this difficulty the term culton (pl. culta) has been suggested to replace the word taxon when speaking about cultigens.
Then, most "wild" plants fit neatly into the nested hierarchy of ranks used in Linnaean classification (species into genera, genera into families etc.) which aligns with Darwinian descent with modification. Choosing classification categories for cultigens is not clear-cut. Included among cultigens are: simple selections taken from plants in the wild or in cultivation; artificial hybrids produced both by accident and intention; plants produced by genetic engineering; clonal material reproduced by cuttings, grafting, budding, layering etc.; graft-chimaeras; selections from the wild; ancient selections of crops that date back thousands of years; selections of aberrant growth such as witches brooms; the results of deliberate repeatable single crosses between two pure lines to produce plants of a particular general appearance that is desirable for horticulture, but which are not genetically identical. The question remains as to whether the classification categories of cultivar, Group and grex are the most appropriate and efficient way to deal with this broad range of plant variation.
Domestication of plants
Horticultural botany
List of florilegia and botanical codices
Citrus taxonomy
2009 ICNCP Code online
Patrick Duncan McTaggart-Cowan, OC MBE (May 31, 1912 – October 11, 1997) was a Canadian meteorologist and the first president of Simon Fraser University.
Born in Edinburgh, Scotland, he moved to North Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada with his family in 1913. He received a degree in Mathematics and Physics from the University of British Columbia in 1933. A Rhodes Scholar, he received a Bachelor of Arts in Natural Science from Corpus Christi College, Oxford in 1936.
Returning to Canada, he joined the Meteorological Service of Canada and was an officer in charge of the meteorological service in Newfoundland from 1937 to 1942. During World War II, he was the chief meteorologist for the RAF Ferry Command and was made a Member of the Order of the British Empire in 1944.
After the war, he moved to Ontario and re-joined the Meteorological Service of Canada becoming its director in 1959.
In 1963, he was appointed the first president of Simon Fraser University and served until 1968. He then became the Executive Director of the Science Council of Canada and served until his retirement in 1975.
In 1979, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada for his "internationally recognized achievements in meteorology". He was awarded seven honorary doctorates.
In 1939, he married Margaret Palmer and they had two children: Gillian and James Duncan.
His brother was the naturalist Ian McTaggart-Cowan, and his sister the architect Pamela Charlesworth.
Siror (German: Siraur) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) east of Trento. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,244 and an area of 75.1 square kilometres (29.0 sq mi).
The municipality of Siror contains the frazioni (subdivisions) Nolesca and part of San Martino di Castrozza.
Siror borders the following municipalities: Canale d'Agordo, Predazzo, Canal San Bovo, Mezzano, Imer, Tonadico and Transacqua.
The Hidden Connections is a 2002 book by Fritjof Capra, in which he proposes a holistic alternative to linear and reductionist world views. He aims to extend system dynamics and complexity theory to the social domain and presents "a conceptual framework that integrates life's biological, cognitive and social dimensions".
The book is divided into a theoretical part (chapters 1 – 3) and a more practical part with application examples (chapters 4 – 7).
The first part begins with an introduction to prebiotic and biotic evolution theory and highlights the importance of membranes in this context. The author then goes into the details of different theories on cognition, consciousness, language and social co-ordination. His claim is that all biological and social phenomena are the result of the network characteristic of life. Therefore, system dynamics is the adequate tool for analysing such phenomena.
In the centre piece of his book, Capra then proposes that life and social reality can be understood by applying a framework of four interconnected perspectives: form, matter, process and meaning. Capra believes that this systemic understanding can significantly advance other integrative social theories, in particular those of Jürgen Habermas and Anthony Giddens.
The second part begins with a chapter on complexity and change, in which Capra presents a concept of management that recognizes the network characteristic of all human organizations. He explains how organizational learning and change can be facilitated by learning from life science. The fifth chapter is a profound critique of global capitalism. Capra takes up the research of Manuel Castells, who explains how globalization is shaped by modern communication technology and network phenomena. The author then explains that he sees the global market economy as an automaton with severe social and ecological impacts. Subsequently, Capra gives a detailed summary of the risks of modern biotechnology and makes a strong case against the dogma of genetic determinism. At the end of the book, the author appraises the rise of a global civil society, which he sees manifest in the 1999 Seattle WTO protests. Furthermore, he sees important potential in technological advances such as cradle-to-cradle design and hypercars.
The book has been widely successful and translated into 8 languages. It has been appraised by reviewers as “a great introduction both to the nature of the problem and the logic of the response” and “a marvelous synthesis, so far in advance of any work along similar lines, that it will set the standard for the development of sustainable thought for some time to come.”
Systems science
Ajilimójili (pronounced: a-khee-lee-MO-khee-lee) is a hot sauce or hot and sweet sauce from Puerto Rico, traditionally served over grilled seafood, vegetables, boiled tuber vegetables and especially grilled meats.
Ajilimójili is a combination of olive oil, garlic, cilantro or culantro, hot peppers (such as scotch bonnet, habanero chili or ají caballero), pepper, vinegar or citrus (most common are lemon juice, lime juice, sour orange juice, white vinegar, red vinegar, or malt vinegar), all finely chopped or blended, simmered and cooled to serve. A variant, sweet ajilimójili, adds ingredients such as sweet red peppers, ajicitos, honey, tomato sauce and butter.
The sauce is one of the essential elements of Puerto Rican cooking.
Puerto Rican cuisine
Salsa sauce
Mojo sauce
Sweet Ajilimójili recipe in The New York Times
Ajilimójili recipe at epicurious.com
GFL Environmental Inc. (also known as Green For Life or GFL) is an environmental services company with headquarters in Toronto, Canada. GFL operates in all provinces in Canada, except Prince Edward Island, and currently employs more than 3,200 employees. As of 2016, the approximate enterprise value of GFL is $2.4 billion. The company has been called “one of the fastest-growing waste management companies in the country”  and provides a broad range of environmental services to municipal, residential, commercial, industrial and institutional customers.
GFL Environmental Inc. was founded in 2007 by Canadian entrepreneur and businessman Patrick Dovigi, who had previous experience in the environmental services industry and wanted to establish a company that could unlock the value in smaller waste companies in Canada.
GFL was originally established from the merger of several Ontario environmental services firms, including Direct Line Environmental, National Waste Services and Enviro West.
The same year that GFL was founded, the company attracted the investment interest of Canaccord Genuity Corp. Three years later, in 2010, Roark Capital Group, an Atlanta private equity firm, made a $105 million investment in GFL.
Helped by capital injections like these, GFL began to acquire environmental solution firms around Canada. In 2011, GFL acquired Turtle Island Recycling, a recycling company operating in Toronto.
In 2014, GFL acquired the waste collection business of Contrans Group Inc., giving GFL a larger solid waste management presence in Edmonton and Slave Lake, Alberta.
Also in 2014, GFL purchased the business operated by Waste Management in the provinces of Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, and Newfoundland and Labrador.
A reorganization of GFL's share capital was completed in late 2014. The reorganization saw Roark Capital Group, which had provided capital to GFL since 2010, selling its stake in the company. The reorganization introduced a new investor for GFL, Highbridge Principal Strategies (HPS).
In February 2016, GFL completed the acquisition of Services Matrec Inc. (Matrec), the waste management division of Montreal-based TransForce. The $800 million purchase represented GFL's largest acquisition in its company history and was supported by an equity investment of $458 million made by a fund managed by Macquarie Group and an additional investment provided by Highbridge Principal Strategies and other co-investors.
The Matrec acquisition also represented GFL's entrance into the Quebec and eastern Ontario markets and increased GFL's total valuation to roughly $2.4 billion.
Also in 2016, a new acquisition was announced with Canadian private equity firm, Novacap and Developpement EDB Inc., agreeing to sell Corporation de Developpement de Enviro-Viridis Inc., a Quebec-based environmental services firm, to GFL.
In 2011, GFL won a highly publicized, seven-year contract to collect residential garbage from approximately 165,000 homes in west Toronto, specifically in the residential neighborhoods between Yonge Street and the Humber River. The contract was expected to save the city roughly $11 million per year or $78 million over its total term.
GFL’s award of the contract was particularly publicized because it represented one of Toronto’s first moves to privatize and outsource the city’s residential garbage collection.
GFL’s contract with the city of Toronto to collect residential waste west of Yonge Street began in August 2012.
In January 2015, the Halifax council awarded GFL three new contracts to collect residential waste in Halifax for the next four years 
In 2016, the city of Windsor chose to keep their waste and recycling collection service outsourced and elected to retain GFL's services for the next seven years. Windsor first contracted out its waste collection to GFL in 2010 after the city's workers went on a prolonged strike.
In 2011, GFL was awarded a contract by the city of Toronto to excavate the site of the Pan Am Aquatics Centre in Toronto that was opened for the Pan Am Games in July 2015. In January 2016, GFL acquired Anchor Shoring Group  to expand its services offered through its soil remediation, excavation and infrastructure group to include anchoring, shoring, piling, drilling and caissons work.
The Ryde is a bus service that provides transportation to the Brigham Young University (BYU) community (including the Provo Missionary Training Center) in Provo, Utah, United States. The service is owned and operated by Student Movement, Inc. (SMI) and operates under the brand, "The Ryde". Although The Ryde began as a limited service paid shuttle bus, but the fall of 2015 it expanded to limited-service bus routes that are free to BYU students.
The purpose of The Ryde's shuttle service is to help transport "thousands" of BYU students between the main campus of BYU and their off-campus housing. While the Utah Transit Authority (UTA) is the primary public transit service provider in Provo and along the Wasatch Front, the founders of The Ryde believed that UTA was not adequately addressing this transportation need. The growing success of The Ryde seems to support this supposition. The Ryde provides (nearly) direct shuttles from most of the major off-campus (and one on-campus) housing areas to the center of the BYU campus (closer than any UTA stops).
The Ryde's motto is The Ultimate BYU Shuttle Service and its website encouraged students to "Stop overpaying for gas, scraping your frozen windshield and fighting for parking spaces!"
In addition to its regular weekday service The Ryde also provides Saturday morning "Grocery Runs" that pick up passengers along the regular routes, but, instead of going to BYU campus, they go to Macey's grocery store before providing a return trip about forty minutes later. On-campus student housing complexes not included along regular routes are also served by the Grocery Runs.
Although The Ryde serves the BYU community, is authorized to drive buses on BYU property (for the exclusive purpose of picking up and dropping off authorized passengers), and SMI has (or has had) service contracts with both BYU and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), SMI is not affiliated with either BYU or the LDS Church; and neither BYU nor the LDS Church have any interest in SMI
The following housing areas and other miscellaneous destinations are served by The Ryde:
As of the Fall 2015 Semester (August 2015) The Ryde is free to all BYU students, faculty, and other employees with their BYU ID. Prior to the fall of 2015, students could purchase a pass for $99.00 per semester or $179.00 per school year (fall and winter semesters). In addition, some apartment complexes subsidized their residents' passes such that they could be purchases for $79.00 per semester. (By comparison, a UTA pass cost $212.00 per semester, but it included access to all of UTA's service area along the Wasatch Front.)
Since at least 2002, BYU provided students (and often faculty and other employees) the opportunity for either free or substantially subsidized UTA bus passes of one form or another. However, in the fall of 2010, BYU announced that beginning with the Fall 2011 Semester, it would dramatically reduced the amount allotted to UTA pass subsidies. The result was that even with the continued nominal subsidy, there was a dramatic increase in the cost of a UTA pass for students.
In mid-2011, BYU announced that beginning with the Winter 2012 Semester, Student Movement, Inc. (SMI) would begin transporting students between certain off-campus housing units and BYU campus. SMI was founded earlier that year by two BYU seniors (Jake Luekenga and Kevin Smith) who believed there was a need for a more specialized service than UTA provided. (While the UTA passes offered access throughout the UTA service area, many of the students used it almost exclusively to travel to and from BYU campus.) Although earnest discussions with the BYU Administration had begun in March, it took until June to reach a firm agreement with BYU and have it signed. (A contract was necessary as SMI would be partially operating on the privately-owned campus of BYU.) As soon as the agreement was executed, SMI ordered three buses. The used buses ordered by SMI were similar in size to the 40-foot (12 m) buses utilized by UTA, but would use cleaner burning compressed natural gas (CNG) for fuel, rather than diesel fuel (as used by most of those owned by UTA at the time). Accordingly, Mr. Luekenga claimed, their buses would have 50 percent lower emissions. Another advantage of the new service (over UTA's routes) is that the shuttles would connected directly with the center of BYU campus.
Plans for new shuttle included service to three areas: the King Henry area (southeast of campus), the Alpine Village and Glenwood area (west-northwest of campus), and the Raintree and Wyview Park area (northwest of campus). The single on-campus stop was (as designated by BYU) initially adjacent to the Museum of Art. SMI also indicated that plans included Saturday morning "grocery runs". The cost for the new service was set at $99.00 per semester, but residents of the Glenwood and Raintree complexes would have their passes subsidized such that their cost would be $79.00 per semester. Even before it began service, SMI hoped to expand it service beyond the three destination areas, particularly the Carriage Cove and Branbury area.
Just over a year after The Ryde began service, BYU announced that it would be permanently closing most of East Campus Drive and the eastern end of North Campus Drive. Even though the closures would be in phases, the first phase would begin in May (following the end of the Winter 2013 Semester) and would include closing East Campus Drive between 1100 North and Heritage Drive. As a result of this closure access to the Museum of Art stop for the shuttle coming from the southeast (King Henry) was no longer feasible, so its on-campus stop moved to a location immediately east of the Crabtree Technology Building on East Campus Drive (just southeast of the Wilkinson Student Center). However, this same closure also moved the UTA stop/transfer location (UTA's stop closest to the center of campus) from immediately east of the Wilkinson Student Center (on East Campus Drive) to the perimeter of campus at about 800 East 900 North. The end result of these changes was that The Ryde could continue picking up and dropping off students 1,000–1,500 feet (300–460 m) closer that any UTA stop (depending on the direction of approach to the campus).
By the fall of 2013, an additional route was added to serve the Wymount Terrace on-campus married student housing complex. In October 2013, The Digital Universe reported that missionaries at the temporary west campus of the Missionary Training Center ("MTC West"), which opened in early 2013, were utilizing limited shuttle service provided by Student Movement (The Ryde). Primarily The Ryde transported the missionaries between the main MTC campus, the Provo Temple, and sometimes the Marriott Center. The MTC discontinued the use of the temporary west campus by the end of 2014.
In December 2014 BYU announced that beginning with the Fall 2015 Semester most of The Ryde's routes would be enhanced and would be free to all BYU students, faculty, and other employees with their BYU ID. However, the shuttle route that previously ran to Wymount Terrace would be eliminated. Also included in the announcement, BYU indicated that it would begin charging students to park in most of the on-campus lots that had been previously free to students. BYU anticipated that the new $60.00 parking fee would cover the cost of The Ryde's shuttle service. However, since The Ryde does not operate during the spring and summer term, parking in all the student lots will still be free during that time of year. BYU stated that the changes were intended to "incentivize" students to utilized other transportation options instead of their cars. The Ryde's shuttle service eliminates the time that many students spend parking and then walking to the various parts of campus.
Early on plans for the free service included a continuation of the stop near The Lodges at Glenwood Apartments on Route 1. (The stop also served the Alpine Village, Cambridge Court Apartments, Cinnamon Tree Apartments, and Riviera Apartments). However, this stop was eventually dropped from route along with service to these complexes. The route that served Wymount Terrace (which ran through 2014) was also dropped from plans for The Ryde's free service (primarily due to low ridership). However, some Wymount residents have petitioned to reinstate this service. In support of their petition, the students indicate that this route would also provide service for all students to the Student Health Center.
In addition to the regular routes, The Ryde also provides "Saturday Grocery Runs" to Macey's in north Provo. Regular (weekday) service is provided from about 7:30 am to about 9:00 pm Monday through Thursday and from about 7:30 am to about 6:00 pm on Fridays during the fall and winter semesters, but not on school holidays (when school is not in session). During peak times (7:00 am to 10:00 am and 3:00 pm to 6:00 pm) the shuttles run every 15 to 20 minutes. The Saturday "Grocery Runs" pick up (depending on the destination) at 9:00-9:50 am and leave Macey's at 9:50-10:40 am (again, depending on the destination).
Ryde (BYU Shuttle) The Ryde on Facebook
The Ryde on Twitter
Brigham Young University (official website)
Official websites for BYU student housing served by The Ryde:
Macey's grocery store (official website)
Provo Recreation Center (official webpage)
Utah Valley Regional Medical Center (official webpage)
Utah Transit Authority (official website)
Official websites for non-BYU-owned student housing served by The Ryde:
The Srisailam Dam is constructed across the Krishna River on the border of Mahabubnagar District, Telangana and Kurnool district, Andhra Pradesh near Srisailam temple town and is the 2nd largest capacity working hydroelectric station in the country.
The dam was constructed in a deep gorge in the Nallamala Hills in between Mahabubnagar and Kurnool districts, 300 m (980 ft) above sea level. It is 512 m (1,680 ft) long, 145 metres (476 ft) maximum height and has 12 radial crest gates. It has a reservoir of 616 square kilometres (238 sq mi). Project has an estimated live capacity to hold 178.74 Tmcft at its full reservoir level of 885 feet (270 m) MSL. The minimum drawal level of the reservoir is at 705 feet (215 m) from its river sluices. The left bank underground power station houses 6 × 150 megawatts (200,000 hp) reversible Francis-pump turbines for pumped-storage operation and the right bank semi under ground power station houses 7 × 110 megawatts (150,000 hp) Francis-turbine generators.
Tail pond dam /weir located 14 km downstream of Srisailam dam is under advanced stage of construction to hold the water released by the hydro turbines and later pump back in to the Srisailam reservoir by operating the turbines in pump mode. The weir portion got breached in November 2015 unable to withstand the normal water release from the hydro power stations.
The Srisailam project began in 1960, initially as a power project. After several delays, the main dam was finally completed twenty years later in 1980 July 26. In the meantime the project was converted into a multipurpose facility with a generating capacity of 770 megawatts (1,030,000 hp) by its second stage which was completed in 1987. The dam is to provide water for an estimated 2,000 square kilometres (770 sq mi). Under the right bank branch canal 790 square kilometres (310 sq mi) in Kurnool and Kadapa districts will have assured irrigation. From the initial modest estimate of ₹384.7 million for a power project the total cost of the multipurpose project was estimated to cross ₹10 billion in its enlarged form. The dam has alone cost ₹4.04 billion together with the installation of four generating sets of 110 MW each. The right bank branch canal is estimated to cost ₹4.49 billion and the initial investment of ₹1.4 billion has been provided by the World Bank. The projected cost-benefit ratio of the project has been worked out at 1:1.91 at 10% interest on capital outlay.. On 2 October 2009, Srisailam dam experienced a record inflow which threatened the dam.
Srisailam right main canal (SRMC) is constructed with 44,000 cusecs capacity at full supply level of 267.92 metres (879 ft) MSL to feed Veligodu reservoir, Brahmamsagar Reservoir, Alaganoor reservoir, Gorakallu reservoir, Owk reservoir, Gandikota reservoir, Somasila resrvoir and Kandeleru reservoir. This canal also supplies water to Telugu Ganga project which supplies Krishna river water to Chennai city for its drinking purpose. This main canal by feeding water to K. C. Canal, Srisailam right bank canal, Telugu Ganga canal and Galeru Nagari canal irrigates vast area in Kurnool, Kadapa, Chittor and Nellore districts.
Handri-Neeva lift canal by drawing water from the Srisailam reservoir, supplies drinking water in all the districts of Rayalaseema
Veligonda reservoir receives water by gravity through tunnels to irrigate lands in Nellore, Kadapa and Prakasam districts.
Kalwakurthy lift irrigation scheme by drawing water from the Srisailam reservoir, supplies irrigation water in Mahbubnagar and Nalgonda districts
Srisailam left bank canal receives water by gravity through tunnels to irrigate lands in Nalgonda district.
At present the initial inflows into Srisailam reservoir are stored excessively without using for power generation. The flood water fills the remaining empty Srisailam reservoir quickly and most of the flood water overflows into downstream Nagarjunasagar reservoir without being used for power generation. The endeavor shall be to fill the Nagarjunasagar reservoir fully with the uniform water released through the power generating units.
Krishna Water Disputes Tribunal
List of power stations in India
List of dams and reservoirs in India
List of hydroelectric power station failures
Nagarjuna Sagar tail pond
Large dams and conflicts in the Krishna Basin
Six crest gates of Srisailam dam opened
Gush of water: Water being released into the river by opening crest gates at Srisailam dam on Tuesday
The Red Brick School is a historical building located on the north edge of downtown Oregon, Wisconsin, United States.
The Red Brick School was built in 1922, at a cost of about $70,000 for both construction and furnishings. It opened that fall to 106 students, four teachers, and a principal. The building served as the local high school and kindergarten.
The building is of the late Gothic revival style, evident in its tall, narrow windows and masonry. It had hardwood floors in all classrooms and terrazzo floors in the stairs and hallways, accented with marble tile borders. The school was state-of-the-art for its time, with a regulation size (for 1922) basketball court, cafeteria, and stage on the lowest level. The upper level had skylights in the rooms.
The building served as a high school until 1962. As the baby boom progressed, the building became too overcrowded, housing up to 300 students. A new high school was constructed on the village's east side. At this time, the building was saved from the wrecking ball, underwent some minor renovations, and was later used as part of the elementary school. In 1993, a new middle school opened and classes that were in Red Brick were relocated to parts of the previous middle school that had recently been vacated.
The building slipped into a state of disrepair beginning in 1993. It was being used only for storage, and important problems, such as roof leaks, went unnoticed. Red Brick was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998 by concerned residents who felt the building was in danger of destruction.
In the 2000s, interest in redeveloping the building was sparked. Options varying from a community center, to senior apartments were discussed. In the end, the building was sold to the Gorman Company for $29,000. After a multi-million dollar renovation, the building's doors were opened once again in 2008.
http://www.gormanusa.com/
Mount Vernon (Chinese: 翡珑山) is a small hill in central Singapore west of Potong Pasir and north of MacPherson Estate. Officially named in 1956, it is circumscribed by Bartley Road, Upper Aljunied Road, Upper Serangoon Road, and Upper Paya Lebar Road. It is named for Royal Navy Vice Admiral Edward Vernon.
Mount Vernon is relatively undeveloped due to Mount Vernon Crematorium and Bidadari Cemetery being located on it. Both facilities have since shut down, and major residential development is expected in that area. The hill itself is likely to remain intact, however, as it is largely occupied by the Mount Vernon Camp, the operational and residential base of the Gurkha Contingent.
The Singapore Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals moved to the edge of Mount Vernon in 1984 after being relocated from Orchard Road.
Mount Vernon Columbarium started operations in 1962. Due to inability to handle the amount of cremations needed daily, a new crematorium was built at Mandai. On 30 June 2004, the crematorium ceased cremation services. The Columbarium is still operational.
Bidadari Cemetery used to be a private burial site and 1972, became a public burial site. The Cemetery was closed on 2001 and graves exhumed to make way for a new town.
Despite the small area, there are two education institutions in the area, Bartley Secondary School and Maris Stella High School. Mount Vernon was home to other several schools, namely Mount Vernon Secondary and Sang Nila Utama Secondary, which has since been closed down.
There are two MRT stations nearby. The nearer, Woodleigh MRT Station, part of the North East Line has been operational since 20 June 2011. Bartley MRT Station, by the side of Maris Stella High School, has been operational since 28 May 2009, and is part of the Circle Line.
Victor R Savage, Brenda S A Yeoh (2004), Toponymics - A Study of Singapore Street Names, Eastern University Press, ISBN 981-210-364-3
ITC may stand for:
Illinois Terminal Company, US railroad, reporting mark
ITC or ITC Entertainment, British TV company
International Typeface Corporation, now a subsidiary of Monotype Imaging
ITC Transmission, electric transmission company, Michigan, USA
Information Terminals Corporation, predecessor to Verbatim Corporation
Indonesia Trading Company
ITC (company), formerly Indian Tobacco Company, India
ITC Hotels
Iranian Tobacco Company
Independent Transport Commission, UK research charity
International Test Commission, Association to promote effective psychological testing and assessment policies
International Training in Communication, organization of public-speaking clubs
United States International Trade Commission, federal agency of the United States
International Tin Council, former organisation for tin producers in Cornwall and Malaysia
International Trade Centre, a joint agency of the WTO and the UN
Israel Tennis Centers
Isothermal titration calorimetry
Intertropical Convergence Zone (abbreviated ITC or ITCZ)
International Teletraffic Congress, a communications research and collaboration group
Illinois Technical College, a private junior college in Chicago, Illinois from 1950 to 1992
Institute of Technology of Cambodia, located in Phnom Penh, Cambodia
Institute of Technology, Carlow, a Regional Technical College, located south of Carlow, Ireland
Instituto Tecnológico de Córdoba, an organization promoting technological development in Córdoba, Argentina
Institute of Texan Cultures, a museum and library located in HemisFair Park in downtown San Antonio, Texas
International Teaching Centre, a Bahá'í institution based in the Bahá'í World Centre in Haifa, Israel
International Teledemocracy Centre, part of Edinburgh Napier University, dedicated to researching e-participation and e-democracy systems
ITC (Information Technology Channel), 24-hour Persian Educational TV based in the US
ITC Enschede, the International Institute for Geoinformation Science and Earth Observation, a tertiary educational institution located in Enschede, Netherlands
ITC Sangeet Research Academy, a Hindustani classical music academy run by ITC Limited, located in Kolkata, India
ITC SRA Sangeet Sammelan, an annual Indian classical music festival
Interdenominational Theological Center, a consortium of denominational seminaries located in Atlanta, Georgia
International Theological Commission, a group of Roman Catholic theologians
Independent Television Commission, UK TV regulator 1991-2003
The International Technical Committee of the Offshore Racing Congress
International Touring Car Championship, the 1995/1996 version of the Deutsche Tourenwagen Meisterschaft
Interagency Training Center, a U.S. National Security Agency facility
Instrumental transcommunication, a form of Electronic voice phenomena (EVP)
Investment tax credit
Gothika is a 2003 American horror film directed by Mathieu Kassovitz and written by Sebastian Gutierrez. Halle Berry plays a psychiatrist in a women's mental hospital who wakes up one day to find herself on the other side of the bars, accused of having murdered her husband.
The film was first released on November 21, 2003 in the United States. At the time of its release, Gothika was the most successful film from Dark Castle Entertainment with $141.6 million.
Psychiatrist Dr. Miranda Grey (Halle Berry) who works at a mental hospital, has a car accident after trying to avoid a girl (Kathleen Mackey) on a road during a stormy night. She rushes to try to help the girl. The girl turns out to be a ghost and possesses Miranda's body. Miranda next wakes up in the very hospital she works for, but as a patient treated by her co-worker, Dr. Pete Graham (Robert Downey, Jr.). Drugged and confused, she remembers nothing of what happened after the car accident. To her horror, she learns that her husband Douglas (Charles S. Dutton) was brutally murdered and that she is the primary suspect. While Miranda copes with her new life in the hospital, the ghost uses her body to carry out messages (most noticeably, she carves the words "Not Alone" into Miranda's arm), which leads her former colleagues to believe Miranda is suicidal and is inflicting the wounds on herself.
Meanwhile, Miranda bonds with fellow inmate and former patient, Chloe Sava (Penélope Cruz). Several times in sessions, Chloe had claimed that she'd been raped while in the hospital, but Miranda had always attributed these stories to mental illness. One night, the door to Miranda's room in the hospital is opened by the ghost that has been haunting her. When she passes Chloe's room in the hospital, she can hear the rape occurring and momentarily sees a man's chest pressed against the window. The man's chest bears a tattoo of an Anima Sola. Miranda realizes that Chloe was not making up these stories and, when she sees Chloe the next day, she apologizes and the two embrace. Chloe warns Miranda that her attacker said he was going to target Miranda next. Miranda begins regaining some of her memories bit by bit and slowly comes to remember herself killing her husband. She realizes that the ghost had used her body to murder Douglas, thus making Miranda the patsy for his murder. This is why all of the physical evidence points to Miranda.
Miranda escapes from the hospital, having recognized the girl as a ghost. Seeking clues to the mystery of why she killed her husband, she goes to a farmhouse in Willow Creek, Rhode Island. In the cellar of the barn, she discovers a room containing a blood-stained bed, what appears to be a box containing drugs, restraints, and video equipment. She watches the tape that is still in the camera and the viewer hears a woman screaming as if tortured or raped. In the final seconds of the video, Douglas walks into the shot, covers a woman's lifeless body on the bed with a sheet, and winks at the camera. At this point, police arrive and one officer comes closer to Miranda and draws a gun on her while she is holding a knife to him. Miranda backs up to a staircase and, all of a sudden, an injured, frantically screaming girl grabs hold of her from the adjoining crawlspace. The police release the girl, and Miranda is taken to jail. While she is in jail, Sheriff Ryan (John Carroll Lynch), who was Douglas's closest friend, talks to Miranda and quizzes her on how she knew all these things. He does not believe her claim that ghosts told her everything and asks her what sort of person the accomplice would be. Miranda uses her experience as a psychiatrist to give a psychological profile, and as she does so, realizes that Ryan fits the profile perfectly. He attacks her and, in the fight, reveals his tattoo (an Anima Sola). Miranda kills the sheriff in an act of self-defense with the help of the ghost. Pete, just a few seconds later, shows up at the station, worried about Miranda's safety after he solves the mystery himself. He looks relieved to see Miranda safe and, through the soundproof window, mouths the words "I'm sorry, Miranda."
Approximately a year later, Miranda is seen walking with Chloe on a city sidewalk, discussing how each helped the other come to terms with her experiences. Miranda claims to be free of the ghost's influence and sends Chloe off in a taxi. Miranda then sees a young boy standing in the middle of the road who appears as though he is about to be struck by a fire truck. Miranda yells for the boy to move but, after the fire truck passes through the boy without harming him, she realizes he was only a ghost. As Miranda walks away, a poster with the words "Have you seen Tim?" and a picture of the same boy is shown taped to a pole next to the street on which Miranda is walking.
Halle Berry as Dr. Miranda Grey
Robert Downey, Jr. as Dr. Pete Graham
Charles S. Dutton as Dr. Douglas Grey
John Carroll Lynch as Sheriff Ryan
Penélope Cruz as Chloe Sava
Bernard Hill as Phil Parsons
Dorian Harewood as Teddy Howard
Bronwen Mantel as Irene
Kathleen Mackey as Rachel Parsons
Matthew G. Taylor as Turlington
Michael Perron as Joe
Andrea Sheldon as Tracey Seaver
The score's original music was composed by John Ottman. "Behind Blue Eyes" by Limp Bizkit was featured in the film but was not available on the soundtrack. The record was released on November 18, 2003 via Varèse Sarabande.
Gothika was released on November 21, 2003 in North America, grossing $19,288,438 in the opening weekend and ranking at #2, behind The Cat in the Hat. It went on to gross $59,694,580 in the domestic market and $81,896,744 from foreign markets for a worldwide total of $141,591,324. In comparison with the film's $40 million budget, the film was a financial success.
Critical reception was mostly negative; the review aggregator site Rotten Tomatoes gave the film a 14% approval rating along with the general consensus that "Berry's acting talents can't save Gothika from its preposterous plot and bad dialogue." Jeremy Wheeler at All Movie Guide gave the film 2½ stars out of a possible five stating: "...this dud offers nothing new, nor anything close to horrifying for fright fans." The site Metacritic gives the film a score of 38 out of 100, indicating generally unfavorable reviews.
Won
2004 Teen Choice Awards
Choice Movie Actress - Drama/Action Adventure - Halle Berry
Nominated
2004 Black Reel Awards
Best Actress - Halle Berry
2004 Kids Choice Awards
Best Favorite Actress
2004 Golden Trailer Award
Best Horror/Thriller
2004 Image Awards
Outstanding Actress in a Motion Picture - Halle Berry
Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture - Charles S. Dutton
2004 MTV Movie Awards
Best Female Performance - Halle Berry
Choice Movie – Thriller
List of ghost films
Gothika at the Internet Movie Database
Gothika at AllMovie
Gothika at the TCM Movie Database
Gothika at Box Office Mojo
Gothika at Rotten Tomatoes
Gothika at Metacritic
Nuits (also known, though unofficially, as Nuits-sur-Armançon) is a commune in the Yonne department in Burgundy in north-central France.
Armançon river
Communes of the Yonne department
INSEE
Richard Arthur "Dick" Draeger (born September 22, 1937) is an American rower who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Pasadena, California. In 1960 he was a crew member of the American boat which won the bronze medal in the coxed pairs event.
Hermann Aldryk Trostrup Helgesen (February 28, 1889 – February 1, 1963) was a Norwegian gymnast who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He was part of the Norwegian team, which won the gold medal in the gymnastics men's team, free system event.
Strange Angels is Kristin Hersh's second studio album, produced by Kristin Hersh and co-produced by Joe Henry (except for "Like You" which was co-produced by Steve Rizzo). The album peaked at #64 on the Official UK Albums Chart. It also peaked at #40 on the US's Billboard Heatseekers Album Chart.
"Like You"
"Aching For You"
"Cold Water Coming"
"Some Catch Flies"
"Stained"
"Shake"
"Hope"
"Pale"
"Baseball Field"
"Heaven"
"Gazebo Tree"
"Gut Pageant"
"Rock Candy Brains"
"Cartoons"
Strange Angels album page at 4AD
Lyrics at alwaysontherun
Paredes de Coura e Resende is a civil parish in the municipality of Paredes de Coura, Portugal. It was formed in 2013 by the merger of the former parishes Paredes de Coura and Resende. The population in 2011 was 2,099, in an area of 5.84 km².
The old prison of Paredes de Coura
The pelourinho of Paredes de Coura
Pestszentimre is neighborhood of Pestszentlőrinc-Pestszentimre in the city of Budapest, Hungary.
Iolaus bansana is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon, Uganda and Kenya. The habitat consists of forests.
The larvae feed on Englerina woodfordioides and Oncocalyx fischeri.
Iolaus bansana bansana (Cameroon)
Iolaus bansana yalae (Riley, 1928) (western Kenya, eastern Uganda)
Sir Henry Alan Currie MC (6 June 1868 – 10 October 1942) was an Australian politician.
He was born in Geelong to grazier John Lang Currie and Louise Johnston. He attended Melbourne Grammar School and the University of Melbourne, where he studied civil engineering. From 1896 to 1898 he worked in Western Australia as an assistant engineer for the Public Works Department, before his father died in 1898 and he inherited part of the family estates. On 11 June 1902 he married Muriel Miller. During the First World War he served with the Royal Field Artillery in Belgium and France; he was wounded, mentioned in despatches, and then in 1918 awarded the Military Cross. In 1920 he sold the Mount Elephant property he had co-run with his brother and acquired land at near Burrumbeet under the soldier settler scheme. From 1904 to 1914 he had served on Hampden Shire Council, serving a term as president from 1909 to 1910. In 1928 he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Council as a Nationalist member for Nelson Province. He was briefly a minister without portfolio in December 1929. Knighted in 1937, he served until the abolition of his seat in 1940, at which time he retired. Currie died at Burrumbeet in 1942.
 Hamilton Field House is a 3,000 -seat multi-purposee on the campus of the University of Central Oklahoma (UCO) in Edmond, Oklahoma, and is home to the Central Oklahoma Bronchos men's and women's basketball teams, as well as volleyball, and wrestling.
It opened on January 8, 1965 when the Central Oklahoma men’s basketball team defeated intrastate rival Northeastern State University 64–52. Prior to this the Bronchos played in the much smaller Wantland Hall, which now serves as the university's physical education building. The 3,000-seat facility was renamed from Hamilton Field House in 1993 in honor of longtime coach and athletic director Dale E. Hamilton, the driving force in the building’s planning and construction. It was previously known as Broncho Field House. Hamilton Field House is also the home facility for the volleyball and wrestling teams. Numerous other events, including the university’s graduation ceremonies, are held in the building. The facility was renovated before the 2001-02 season, including chairback seats installed near the arena floor level.
Josef Elvby, née Karlsson (born 13 July 1982) is a Swedish footballer. He is currently playing for Östers IF in Superettan.
He began his footballing career playing as "Josef Karlsson". When he got married in June 2011 he changed his name to Elvby.
He started his career in IFK Värnamo, before he moved to Superettan side Qviding FIF. In 2009 he joined BK Häcken in Allsvenskan.
On June 30, 2011 he made his UEFA Europa League debut against UN Käerjéng 97. He played all six games in UEFA Europa League when BK Häcken in 2011 qualified to the third qualification round.
In January 2013 he signed for Östers IF in Allsvenskan.
Paul Hornschemeier (born 1977) is an artist, author, and director based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, known for his thought-provoking explorations of the layered complexities of human life in his work.
Paul Hornschemeier was born in Cincinnati, Ohio in 1977 and raised in nearby rural Georgetown, Ohio. As a child he liked to draw, and began creating his own comic books at the age of 4. While majoring in philosophy and psychology at The Ohio State University, Hornschemeier was introduced to the graphic novel Ghost World by Daniel Clowes and began exploring underground and literary comics. He saw that comics could be a venue for exploring issues from his studies and other interests, and within a year he began publishing his own black and white comics, under the banner "Sequential". Those early experimental works have since been compiled by AdHouse Books under the title The Collected Sequential. After graduation from college, Hornschemeier began using colors in his comics. In 2001, after moving to Chicago, he self-published the final issue of "Sequential," and began publishing the full-color comics series "Forlorn Funnies" with (now defunct) Absence of Ink Press. In 2003, Dark Horse Comics published his first graphic novel titled Mother, Come Home.
In 2007 Hornschemeier colored and art directed the Marvel mini-series (and collection) Omega The Unknown.
From 2002 to 2007, Hornschemeier also sang and played guitar for the (now defunct) band Arks. Since 2008 he has periodically released music under the name Music Hall.
Mother, Come Home (2003, Dark Horse Comics)
The Collected Sequential (2004, AdHouse Books)
Return of The Elephant (2004, AdHouse Books)
Let Us Be Perfectly Clear (2006, Fantagraphics Books)
The Three Paradoxes (2007, Fantagraphics Books)
All and Sundry (2009, Fantagraphics Books)
Life with Mr. Dangerous (2011, Villard)
Bygone no.1 (2013, Margo Mitchell Media)
Author, Artists, Thinkers, Directors (2013, Fantagraphics Books)
Paul Hornschemeier's Website
Forlorn Funnies Website
Paul Hornschemeier's blog
Profile of Hornschemeier at Comic Book Galaxy
Hornschemeier interview conducted by The Comics Journal's Gary Groth
Entertainment Weekly's review of Mother, Come Home
Alan David Doane's review of Forlorn Funnies #1
Arks Myspace
Laminou is an arrondissement in the Collines department of Benin. It is an administrative division under the jurisdiction of the commune of Ouèssè. According to the population census conducted by the Institut National de la Statistique Benin on February 15, 2002, the arrondissement had a total population of 15,390.
The Hij River is a tributary of the Burău River in Romania.
Administrația Națională Apelor Române - Cadastrul Apelor - București
Institutul de Meteorologie și Hidrologie - Rîurile României - București 1971
Harta Munților Vlădeasa [1]
Chearsley is a village and civil parish within Aylesbury Vale district in Buckinghamshire, England. It is situated about seven miles south west of Aylesbury, and about four miles north of Thame, in Oxfordshire.
The village was mentioned in the Domesday Book of 1086 as Cerdeslai. It was originally a hamlet in the nearby parish of Crendon.It was established as a parish in its own right by the Bishop of Lincoln in 1458.
The village name is Anglo Saxon in origin, and means 'Cerdic's clearing' or 'Cerdic's lea'.
The incidence of Brittonic personal names in the royal genealogies of a number of "Anglo-Saxon" dynasties is significant. The Wessex royal line was traditionally founded by a man named Cerdic, an undoubtedly Brittonic name ultimately derived from Caratacus. This may indicate that Cerdic was a native Briton, and that his dynasty became anglicised over time.
The village was used as a location in the television series Midsomer Murders – ep. Country Matters, ITV.
The Chearsley Times – village information
Images at Geograph.com
Overshoot is the unintended reception of microwave signals in microwave communication, occurring as a result of an unusual ionospheric conditions.
Federal Standard 1037C
MIL-STD-188
Zachaenus is a genus of frogs in the family Cycloramphidae. There are two species that both are endemic to southeastern Brazil. Common name bug-eyed frogs has been coined for the genus.
Zachaenus are leaf-litter inhabitants of the Atlantic rainforest of southeastern Brazil.
The genus contains the following species:
Zachaenus carvalhoi Izecksohn, 1983
Zachaenus parvulus (Girard, 1853)
Israel sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing. Israel sent 42 athletes, who competed in 11 sports: archery, athletics, basketball, cycling, equestrian, rowing, sailing, shooting, swimming, table tennis and tennis. The country's flagbearer during the Games' opening ceremony was Yizhar Cohen, who won three gold medals at the 1988 Seoul Paralympics.
Israel's squad included 1 athlete.
Men
Pool B
     Qualified for quarterfinals
Equestrian in the Paralympic Games is Dressage only.
WB : World's best time
Q : qualified for final
R : qualified for repechage
Note: The points are totaled from the best 9 results of the 11 races, with lower totals being better.
Key: WR=World record; PR=Paralympic record
2008 Summer Paralympics
Israel at the Paralympics
Israel at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Beijing 2008 Paralympic Games Official Site
International Paralympic Committee
Israeli Paralympic Committee
Rangsit Yanothai (born 27 October 1936) is a Thai former sports shooter. He competed at the 1968, 1972 and 1984 Summer Olympics. He also won several medals at the Asian Games.
Barholm and Stowe is a civil parish in the South Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, England. According to the 2001 census it had a population of 87 in 34 households, increasing to a population of 139 in 60 households at the 2011 census. The parish covers the village of Barholm and the Stowe hamlet.
The parishes of Barholm and Stowe are part of Truesdale ward and do not have a Parish Council due to the level of residents therefore the parish has a Meeting. There are Two District Councillors and a County Councillor. The Current District Councillors are Kelham Cooke (Con) and Rosemary Woolley (Con)
Oxymirus is the genus of the Lepturinae subfamily in long-horned beetle family.
Oxymirus cursor (Linnaeus, 1758)
Oxymirus mirabilis (Motschulsky, 1838)
Species within this genus can reach a length of 14–20 millimetres (0.55–0.79 in). Body is generally black, while elytra are mainly brown. Prothorax has large spikes. Antennae are long and in the males they extend beyond the top of the elytra.
Species of the genus Oxymirus are present in most of Europe and in the East Palearctic ecozone. 
The Israeli pound (Hebrew: לִירָה יִשְׂרְאֵלִית‎‎, Lira Yisr'elit, plural: Lirot Yisr'eliyot, לִירוֹת יִשׂרְאְלִיּוֹת) or Israeli lira was the currency of the State of Israel from August 1948 until 23 February 1980, when it was replaced with the Old Israeli shekel on 24 February 1980. Until 1952, the name used on the notes of the Anglo-Palestine Bank was Palestine pound, in Hebrew לירה א"י (lira E.Y. i.e. lira Eretz-Yisraelit). In Arabic, the name was given as junayh filisţīnī (جنيه فلسطيني). In 1952, the Anglo-Palestine Bank changed its name to Bank Leumi Le-Yisrael (Israel National Bank) and the currency name became: lira yisraelit (לירה ישראלית) in Hebrew, junayh isrāīlī in Arabic, and Israel pound in English. From 1955, after the Bank of Israel was established and took over the duty of issuing banknotes, only the Hebrew name was used, along with the symbol "I£". Before the Israeli pound the currency of the British Mandate and Israel was the Palestine pound between 1927 and August 1948.
The British Mandate of Palestine, which administered the territory now known as Israel, Jerusalem, the West Bank and Gaza prior to May 15, 1948, issued the Palestine pound, a currency equal in value and pegged to the UK Pound, which was divided into 1000 Mils. Banknotes in circulation were issued by the Palestine Currency Board, which was subject to the British Secretary of State for the Colonies.
Israel inherited the Palestine pound but, shortly after the establishment of the state, new banknotes were issued by the London-based Anglo-Palestine bank of the Zionist movement. The new coins were the first to bear the new state's name, while the banknotes said "The Anglo-Palestine Bank Limited". While the first coins minted by Israel still bore the name "mil", the next ones bore the Hebrew name prutah (Hebrew: פרוטה‎‎). A second series of banknotes was issued after the Anglo-Palestine Bank moved its headquarters to Tel Aviv and changed its name to Bank Leumi (Hebrew: בנק לאומי‎‎ "National Bank"). The pegging to the UK Pound was abolished on January 1, 1954, and in 1960, the sub-division of the pound was changed from 1000 prutot to 100 agorot (singular agora Hebrew: אגורה ,אגורות‎‎).
During the 1960s, a debate over the non-Hebrew name of the Israeli currency resulted in a law ordering the Minister of Finance to change the name pound into a Hebrew name, Shekel (שקל). The law allowed the minister to decide on a proper date for the change. The law did not come into effect until February 1980, when the Israeli government decided to change the monetary system and introduce the shekel at a rate of 1 shekel = 10 lirot.
Israel's first coins were aluminium 25 mil pieces, dated 1948 and 1949, which were issued in 1949 before the adoption of the pruta. Later in 1949, coins were issued in denominations of 1, 5, 10, 25, 50, 100 and 250 prutah. The coins were conceived, in part, by Israeli graphic designer Otte Wallish.
In 1960, coins were issued denominated in agora. There were 1, 5, 10 and 25 agorot pieces. In 1963, 1/2 and 1 pound coins were introduced, followed by 5 lirot coins in 1978.
In 1948, the government issued fractional notes for 50 and 100 mils. The Anglo-Palestine Bank issued banknotes for 500 mils, 1, 5, 10 and 50 lirot (pounds) between 1948 and 1951. In 1952, the government issued a second series of fractional notes for 50 and 100 prutah with 250 prutah notes added in 1953. Also in 1952, the "Bank Leumi Le-Israel" took over paper money production and issued the same denominations as the Anglo-Palestine Bank except that the 500 mils was replaced by a 500 prutah note.
The Bank of Israel began note production in 1955, also issuing notes for 500 pruta, 1, 5, 10 and 50 lirot. In 1968, 100 lirot notes were introduced, followed by 500 lirot notes in 1975.
In the third banknote issuing, released between 1973 and 1975, a feature was added for use in identifying denomination by visually impaired and blind people. A tactile set of dots, with three on the five pound note, two on the 10 pound note, one on the 50 pound note, no dots on the 100 pound note, and a large bar the length of three dots on the 500 pound note.
Bank of Israel
Economy of Israel
Paul Kor
Bank of Israel catalogue of Israeli currency since 1948
Israeli Lirah coins with pictures
Malcolm Reginald Godden, FBA (born 9 October 1945) is a British academic who held the chair of the Rawlinson and Bosworth Professor of Anglo-Saxon at the University of Oxford from 1991 until 2013.
From 1963 to 1966 he studied for a B.A. in English; he then continued with several postgraduate studies until 1969. In 1970 he obtained a Ph.D. from Cambridge University for a dissertation which was an edition of Ælfric's Second Series of Catholic Homilies under the supervision of Professor P. A. M. Clemoes.
His academic appointments include:
1969-1972: Junior Research Fellow, Pembroke College, Cambridge
1970-1971: Visiting Assistant Professor, Department of English, Cornell University
1972-75: University Lecturer, Department of English Language, Liverpool University
1976-91: Fellow and lecturer in English, Exeter College, Oxford, and CUF Lecturer in the Faculty of English, Oxford University
1991-2013: Rawlinson and Bosworth Professor of Anglo-Saxon in the University of Oxford, and professorial fellow of Pembroke College, Oxford.
His interests include: Alfredian prose, Wulfstan of York, Ælfric of Eynsham and medieval theatre. He is currently an editor of the academic journal Anglo-Saxon England.
He was elected Fellow of the British Academy (FBA) in 2009.
Ælfric's Catholic Homilies: the Second Series, Text (Early English Text Society, Supplementary Series; 5.) Oxford: University Press, 1979
The Making of Piers Plowman. London, 1990
The Cambridge Companion to Old English Literature; edited with M. Lapidge. Cambridge: University Press, 1991
From Anglo-Saxon to Early Middle English: studies presented to E. G. Stanley; edited with D. Gray and T. Hoad. Oxford, 1994
Ælfric's Catholic Homilies: the First Series, Text; ed. P. Clemoes. (Early English Text Society, Supplementary Series; 17.) Oxford: University Press, 1997
Ælfric's Catholic Homilies: Introduction, Commentary and Glossary. (Early English Text Society, Supplementary Series; 18.) Oxford: University Press, 2000
The Old English Boethius: an edition of the Old English versions of Boethius’s "De Consolatione Philosophiae"; edited with S. Irvine. 2 vols. Oxford: University Press, 2009
Oxford biography
Godfrey of Amiens (French: Geoffroy d'Amiens) (1066–1115) was a bishop of Amiens. He is a saint in the Catholic Church.
Godfrey was born in 1066 in Moulincourt, in the diocese of Soissons. When his mother died, his father decided to take up the monastic life. The third child in a noble family, Godfrey taken at the age of five, by his uncle, the bishop of Soissons, who sent him to be educated in the Benedictine abbey of Mont-Saint-Quentin where his godfather Godefroid was abbot. While at Saint Quentin, Godfrey was given the charge of the sick, and appointed hospitaller, to receive the poor at the gate.
At the age of 25, he was ordained priest by the bishop of Noyon and became the abbot of the Abbey of Nogent-sous-Coucy. in Champagne. When he arrived, the place was overrun by weeds, but he rebuilt it, establishing a hostel for pilgrims.
He declined both the abbacy of Saint-Remi and the bishopric of Reims, before being compelled to accept the office of bishop of Amiens. King Philip and the Council of Troyes chose Godfrey in part because he was skilled in business affairs. Godfrey was noted for his rigid austerity with himself, those around him. He enforced clerical celibacy, and his opposition to drunkenness and simony, led to an attempt on his life. Godfrey would have preferred to Grande Chartreuse to maintain a life of penitence, and in 1114 moved to a monastery. However, in 1115, he was called back to his post.
He fell sick and took refuge in the abbey of Saint Crépin in Soissons, where he died November 8, 1115.
Godfrey of Amiens is celebrated on November 8.
A street in Amiens is named after him.
(fr) Essai sur Saint Geoffroy, évêque d'Amiens - Guérard - 1843
(fr) Histoire de la ville d'Amiens depuis les gaulois jusqu'à nos jours - R.de Hyacinthe Dusevel - 1848 - Amiens (France) - Page 259 - (Gallica)
(fr) Le livre des saints et des prénoms - Alain Guillermou - 1976 - Page 146
Lambert's Cove is a region in Tisbury and West Tisbury, Massachusetts, on the island of Martha's Vineyard. It extends from Upper Lambert's Cove in Tisbury to Lower Lambert's Cove in West Tisbury. Lambert's Cove Road accesses several roads of note, including Makonikey and Longview. It is noted for its picturesque views of the hilly region of "up island." The road is the only access to West Tisbury's coastline, and accesses the only public beach of the town. Some sites of note found along Lambert's Cove include Lambert's Cove Beach, Makonikey beach, Cottle's lumberyard, the old cranberry bog, Duarte's Pond and Seth's Pond. It also accesses the FOCUS Study Center, a faith-based summer camp near Seth's Pond. Lambert's Cove is also mentioned in popular folk artist James Taylor's song "Terra Nova" ("Out to the west of Lambert's Cove, there is a sail out in the sun..."), sung by then wife Carly Simon.
Lambert's Cove Road is separated into two sections. Upper Lambert's Cove begins in the Town of Tisbury and contains the old cranberry bog. Lower Lambert's Cove begins in the center of West Tisbury and accesses Lambert's Cove Beach, Seth's Pond and the FOCUS Study Center. It is the sole access to a large number of summer and year-round residences and is considered one of the major roads of Martha's Vineyard.
Situated on the hilly, eastern coast of the Island of Martha's Vineyard, the Lambert's Cove region can most closely be distinguished by its hilly terrain. The area contains the northernmost extension of the hilly range that extends from the tip of Aquinnah to Upper Lambert's Cove. The appearance of such hills on the island falls in stark contrast to the relatively flat land of the rest of Martha's Vineyard. This flatland is often attributed to the glacial activity that separated Martha's Vineyard from the mainland 10,000 years ago during the last Ice Age. The eastern parts of Martha's Vineyard, including Lambert's Cove, avoided the glacial scraping and thus retained their hilly terrain. The Lambert's Cove region is also home to many of the oak and beech trees on the island of Martha's Vineyard. As opposed to the scrub oaks and pines located on the rest of Martha's Vineyard, Lambert's Cove is home to many of the thicker and greener forests on the island.
The Stockton Blues was a California state militia unit organized in 1857 and disbanded in 1861 due to secessionist dissension. Union men then reformed under the Stockton Union Guard, 1861–1866.
California State Military Museum; California State Militia and National Guard Unit Histories, Stockton Blues
Inventory of the Military Department. Militia Companies Records, 1849-1880
Convective heat transfer, often referred to simply as convection, is the transfer of heat from one place to another by the movement of fluids. Convection is usually the dominant form of heat transfer(convection) in liquids and gases. Although often discussed as a distinct method of heat transfer, convective heat transfer involves the combined processes of conduction (heat diffusion) and advection (heat transfer by bulk fluid flow).
The term convection can sometimes refer to transfer of heat with any fluid movement, but advection is the more precise term for the transfer due only to bulk fluid flow. The process of transfer of heat from a solid to a fluid, or the reverse, is not only transfer of heat by bulk motion of the fluid, but diffusion and conduction of heat through the still boundary layer next to the solid. Thus, this process without a moving fluid requires both diffusion and advection of heat, a process that is usually referred to as convection. Convection that occurs in the earth's mantle causes tectonic plates to move.
Convection can be "forced" by movement of a fluid by means other than buoyancy forces (for example, a water pump in an automobile engine). Thermal expansion of fluids may also force convection. In other cases, natural buoyancy forces alone are entirely responsible for fluid motion when the fluid is heated, and this process is called "natural convection". An example is the draft in a chimney or around any fire. In natural convection, an increase in temperature produces a reduction in density, which in turn causes fluid motion due to pressures and forces when fluids of different densities are affected by gravity (or any g-force). For example, when water is heated on a stove, hot water from the bottom of the pan rises, displacing the colder denser liquid, which falls. After heating has stopped, mixing and conduction from this natural convection eventually result in a nearly homogeneous density, and even temperature. Without the presence of gravity (or conditions that cause a g-force of any type), natural convection does not occur, and only forced-convection modes operate.
The convection heat transfer mode comprises one mechanism. In addition to energy transfer due to specific molecular motion (diffusion), energy is transferred by bulk, or macroscopic, motion of the fluid. This motion is associated with the fact that, at any instant, large numbers of molecules are moving collectively or as aggregates. Such motion, in the presence of a temperature gradient, contributes to heat transfer. Because the molecules in aggregate retain their random motion, the total heat transfer is then due to the superposition of energy transport by random motion of the molecules and by the bulk motion of the fluid. It is customary to use the term convection when referring to this cumulative transport and the term advection when referring to the transport due to bulk fluid motion.
Convection is the transfer of thermal energy from one place to another by the movement of fluids. Although often discussed as a distinct method of heat transfer, convection describes the combined effects of conduction and fluid flow or mass exchange.
Two types of convective heat transfer may be distinguished:
Free or natural convection: when fluid motion is caused by buoyancy forces that result from the density variations due to variations of thermal temperature in the fluid. In the absence of an external source, when the fluid is in contact with a hot surface, its molecules separate and scatter, causing the fluid to be less dense. As a consequence, the fluid is displaced while the cooler fluid gets denser and the fluid sinks. Thus, the hotter volume transfers heat towards the cooler volume of that fluid. Familiar examples are the upward flow of air due to a fire or hot object and the circulation of water in a pot that is heated from below.
Forced convection: when a fluid is forced to flow over the surface by an external source such as fans, by stirring, and pumps, creating an artificially induced convection current.
Internal and external flow can also classify convection. Internal flow occurs when a fluid is enclosed by a solid boundary such when flowing through a pipe. An external flow occurs when a fluid extends indefinitely without encountering a solid surface. Both of these types of convection, either natural or forced, can be internal or external because they are independent of each other. The bulk temperature, or the average fluid temperature, is a convenient reference point for evaluating properties related to convective heat transfer, particularly in applications related to flow in pipes and ducts.
For a visual experience of natural convection, a glass filled with hot water and some red food dye may be placed inside a fish tank with cold, clear water. The convection currents of the red liquid may be seen to rise and fall in different regions, then eventually settle, illustrating the process as heat gradients are dissipated.
Convection-cooling is sometimes loosely assumed to be described by Newton's law of cooling.
Newton's law states that the rate of heat loss of a body is proportional to the difference in temperatures between the body and its surroundings while under the effects of a breeze. The constant of proportionality is the heat transfer coefficient. The law applies when the coefficient is independent, or relatively independent, of the temperature difference between object and environment.
In classical natural convective heat transfer, the heat transfer coefficient is dependent on the temperature. However, Newton's law does approximate reality when the temperature changes are relatively small.
The basic relationship for heat transfer by convection is:
where q is the heat transferred per unit time, A is the area of the object, h is the heat transfer coefficient, T a  is the object's surface temperature and T b  is the fluid temperature.
The convective heat transfer coefficient is dependent upon the physical properties of the fluid and the physical situation. Values of h have been measured and tabulated for commonly encountered fluids and flow of situations.
Heat transfer coefficient
Heisler Chart
Thermal conductivity
Heat transfer enhancement
Sverre Reiten (14 December 1891 – 12 July 1965) was a Norwegian politician for the Christian Democratic Party.
He was born in Grytten.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament from Møre og Romsdal in 1945, but was not re-elected in 1949. Instead he served the terms 1954–1957 and 1958–1961 as a deputy representative.
Reiten was a member of the executive committee of Øre municipality council in 1928–1931 and 1937–1940, later serving as mayor in 1945, 1951–1955 and 1955–1957 and deputy mayor in 1945–1946. He was also the county mayor of Møre og Romsdal in the periods 1951–1955 and 1955–1957.
Sing was the third album released by American guitarist Neil Zaza.
"Everything I Should Have Said..." - 6:07
"Crazy Love" by Van Morrison - 3:48
"I'm Alright" - 4:02
"Journey to Texas" - 3:35
"Imc@3:14 a.m." - 0:26
"Phunk" - 4:47
"Amazing Grace" by John Newton - 3:58
"Hailin'" - 4:15
"Jenny's Song" - 1:50
"Over the Hill" - 0:43
"A Song for Home" - 6:06
"Melodia" (Live) - 6:58
Neil Zaza - guitar
Eric Fritsch - bass
Michael Papatonis - drums
Bruce Walker - horns
Cam de Leon (born 1961 in Modesto, California) is an American artist who specializes in surreal, dark imagery. He created some of the band Tool's early artwork, as well as working as a digital illustrator, doing concept and visual development and character design for the feature animation industry. He worked as a digital illustrator for movies such as Ghostbusters, Hook, The Sum of All Fears and The Cat in the Hat. He also worked with Nvidia on various techdemos. In 2005, he published the first compendium of his work entitled The Art and Imagery of Cam de Leon.
HappyPencil.com - official website
Cam de Leon- myartspace.com interview with Brian Sherwin
Cam de Leon - Surreal Art Collective
Derri Daugherty (born October 13, 1958) is an American record producer, songwriter, guitarist and singer, best known as the lead singer and guitarist for band The Choir.
Daugherty is also one of the founding members of the Roots music supergroup Lost Dogs with Terry Scott Taylor, Michael Roe and Gene Eugene.
Daugherty began his musical career as an engineer and roadie for the band Daniel Amos. Their bassist, Tim Chandler, introduced Daugherty to Steve Hindalong and the two soon began to write songs together and eventually formed The Choir. Daugherty now owns and operates Neverland, a recording studio in Nashville, Tennessee.
Daugherty's engineering credits include albums for Randy Stonehill, The Swoon, Lifesavers Underground, Michael Knott, The Prayer Chain, Riki Michele, The Waiting, Sarah Masen, Pierce Pettis, Common Children, Jeff Johnson, Caedmon's Call, Buddy Miller, Julie Miller, The Throes, and others. In recent years, Daugherty has become an accomplished producer, with albums by Twila Paris and Sheila Walsh to his credit. Perhaps his most well known production work is with Hindalong on the City on a Hill series.
A Few Unfinished Songs, 2004, ep Lo-Fidelity Records www.lo-fidelity.com
Clouds Echo in Blue, 2011, ambient instrumental guitar
Hush Sorrow, 2016
http://www.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll
http://www.last.fm/music/Derri+Daugherty
The Collegiate Middle Level Association (CMLA) is a student association designed to promote and support the professional development of future middle level teachers, as well as the development and nurturing of middle level education programs. CMLA is an affiliate of National Middle School Association. Currently, Otterbein College is serving as the national host site for the organization's leadership. Their two-year leadership term will conclude November 2011 with CMLA's annual meeting at NMSA's headquarters in Columbus, OH.
Advance appropriate middle level education
Provide information about starting and maintaining an organized group of students involved in middle level education on college and university campuses.
Support standards and recommendations which enhance middle level concepts, practices and ideas.
Publicize current middle level employment opportunities.
Promote and invite collegiate participation at national, state and regional middle level conferences.
Support and encourage students of middle level education, and inform members of the progress and activities of both CMLA and other student groups via newsletters, electronic technology and other sources of communication.
John Swaim, CMLA Advisory Chair
The Collegiate Middle Level Association currently has 31 chapters. These 31 chapters represent a growing number of colleges and universities who are now preparing teachers to teach young adolescents in American's middle schools. This would have been an unthinkable dream for a handful of college students in the middle school teacher education program at the University of Northern Colorado who were trying to create a national organization for students preparing to become middle school teachers in 1988. At that time there were only 18 states that had middle school certification or endorsement as opposed to 46 states today. In 1988 middle school teacher education programs were the exception rather than the rule. Even more rare were middle school teacher education programs with active student organizations. As the decade of the 90s began there were only four higher education institutions that had active middle school student groups, University of Northern Colorado, University of Northern Iowa, Illinois State University, and Appalachian State University.
In 1989, under the leadership of Ned Gilardino, a UNC student, a constitution was drafted and the Student Association for Middle Education (SAME) was born. Its name was later changed to Collegiate Middle Level Association (CMLA). That same year CMLA made a presentation to the NMSA Board of Trustees. The Board recognized CLMA and agreed to help finance them by sharing a percentage of the membership fee of all college students who joined NMSA and had an interest in also becoming a member of CMLA. However, joining by individual membership did not provide the stability that was needed to help the association grow. In fact, when the elections were held the officers often came from several different campuses which made it difficult to conduct the business of the association.
Then, in 1995 two significant events occurred that moved CMLA to a new level. First, NMSA recognized CMLA as an official affiliate member, joining other state middle school associations. Secondly, CMLA moved from an individual membership to a chapter membership. The constitution underwent major revisions that not only changed membership from individual to chapter membership, but also changed how the association would be financed and governed. An advisory board was established consisting of the chapter advisors of all the member chapters. The officers were now elected from one campus that applied and was approved by the Advisory Board to be the host site for a two year term. Financing was more closely aligned with NMSA. The association was able to have two annual meetings rather than just meeting at the NMSA annual conference.
At first CMLA grew slowly under this newly revised structure. However, as more states legislated middle school teacher licensure and more colleges and universities began to develop middle school teacher education programs, CMLA provided an ever increasing number of prospective middle school teachers the opportunity to become professionally involved as middle level educators.
The following colleges and universities have been leadership host sites for CMLA since the new restructuring: Otterbein College (2009–Present); Georgia College & State University (2007-2009); University of Dayton (2005-2007); Ashland University (2003-2005); Appalachian State University (2001-2003); Central Michigan University (1999-2001); Missouri Southern State University (1997-1999); and Illinois State University (1995-1997).
Appalachian State University
Arkansas Tech University
Armstrong Atlantic State University
Ashland University
Baylor University
Bethany College
Bowling Green State University
Central Michigan University
Clayton State University
Cleveland State University
College of Charleston
Dillard University
East Carolina University
Eastern Kentucky University
Georgia College & State University
Georgia Regents University
Heidelberg College
Hiram College
Humboldt State University
Illinois State University
Lee University
Lewis University
Missouri Southern State University
Morehead State University
Murray State University
North Georgia College and State University
Northern Kentucky University
Otterbein College (National Host Site)
Portland State University
Rhode Island College
Southern Illinois University
Southwest Baptist University
Southwest Missouri State University
Texas A&M University
University of Arkansas
University of Central Arkansas
University of North Carolina
University of Rio Grande
University of Texas
University of Cincinnati
University of Dayton
University of Maine
Youngstown State University
http://national-cmla.wikispaces.com/ National CMLA Wiki (Website)
http://www.nmsa.org/AboutNMSA/AffiliateOrganizations/CollegiateMiddleLevelAssociation/tabid/553/Default.aspx Collegiate Middle Level Association (Website)
http://www.nmsa.org National Middle School Association (Website)
The period of the Vijayanagara Empire is considered an age of prosperity in South India in the 14th century CE. Many travelogues written by visitors, ambassadors and authors of that time provide ample proof of a vibrant era. Agriculture was the main sustenance and the Tungabhadra was the life blood of the capital city.
Other major rivers that found their course through this land are the Krishna, Kaveri and Godavari. The most prosperous time during the 230 year rule of the empire was during the rule of the Sangama dynasty of which Deva Raya II was the most successful and during its peak under Krishnadevaraya. Progress was made in building of canals, fortifications, water storage tanks (bunds). Trading from the western sea ports with Europeans and Persians was profitable. Sculptures and quarry workers were in demand due to the prolific temple building activities undertaken.
The Hindu caste system was prevalent in Vijayanagar Empire. Caste regulations were taken care of by the elders of each community. However, those who distinguished themselves in war and other services were promoted to high-ranking cadre without caste or religious discrimination. Towns and provincial assemblies had representation from all castes, sects and religions. The Hanjamana group represented the minority Muslims in places like and Mangalore.
Women had been achieving freedom for several centuries and continued the tradition. Sati was prevalent among the royal and soldier families. Woman took part in trade, clerical work and even in wrestling events. Society had become mostly monogamous though kings and royalty continued to have harems. Devadasi and prostitution professions thrived. Certain streets in the towns were meant for them. Women wore sarees and blouses while men were dressed only in a lower garment, though stitched clothes like shirts were occasionally. Turbans, Pethas and Kulavi were popular headgear among the rich. Men wore jewellery just as women did. Finger rings, ear rings, necklaces, bangles and bracelets were popular. During celebrations, both men and women wore headbands with flowers and perfumes made of sandal wood, rose water, flowers, civet and musk. The discovery of many kings of Game boards engraved onto boulders, sheet rock, temple flooring provide ample evidence of leisure based activities and social interaction at important public places. While many of these games are still played today, many are still to be identified.
In spite of all its glorious achievements in arts and architecture, the empire was essentially a war administration. Every aspect of the governance indicated its sole purpose, that of repulsing Muslim invasion. As the kingdom expanded, it maintained local traditions in areas annexed into the empire. Thus as a whole, the Hoysala, Kakatiya, Sena and Pandya administrative machinery was adjusted to current needs and retained. The government became more decentralized later with more autonomy given to Nayakas and Palyagars. The kings cabinet was composed of Mahapradhana (Prime minister) and several Pradhanas (ministers). All cabinet ranking officials were military trained and given the title Dandanayaka or Dandanatha. Caste was no bar to rise to high military positions and included officers from the Kuruba, Nayaka and Bedas. Kavyakartha was chief secretary to the king and was also called Rayaswami. Navigadaprabhu was the naval chief. The use of paper for administrative purposes was popularised, though about 7000 stone and copper plate inscriptions (Shasana) have been discovered. Taxes were levied on all land revenues. Taxes on homes, trader shops, marriage, toddy, salt and even prostitution has been confirmed.
There were two types of armies. The republican guard and the feudatory armies which were expected to contribute in case of war. Krishnadevaraya had a standing army of 100,000 infantry, 20,000 horses and 900 elephants. Artillery was in use. Some travelogues speak of an infantry of 1.1 million expandable to 2 million.
The empire was divided into Rajya or Mandala. There were five Rajyas each having its own language. Rajya was divided into Vishaya or Vente or Kottam in different parts of the kingdom, then further divided into Nadu followed by Kampana (or Sthala, a group of villages). The Rajya came under the rule of a member of the royal family or a very high ranking official close to the royal family, their posts being transferable. The feudatories of Madurai Nayaka in Tamil Nadu and Keladi Nayaka in Shimoga came directly under a commander. Hereditary families like the Pandya and the Santharas of South Canara administered their own territories as feudatories. At the village level, the caretaker was a Gowda or a Karanika or Karnam along with a Kavalu (watchman). Important towns were overseen by a Adhikari (mayor). Local village Panchayat were encouraged.
The Tungabhadra river was the lifeline of the capital. Many elaborate and clever canals and Anecut stored and channelled water to the capital. These canals also lead to the cultivable areas in the fortified city and outside. The features were so advanced that many of the ideas were maintained by the Tungabhadra river authority during their projects in the 1950s. The core area urban communities depended on private tanks, communal tanks and bore wells for water. The royal enclosures had the most sophisticated water distribution and recirculation systems. The main water supply to the royal enclosure came from Kamlapuram. Water pipes sealed in brick and lime plaster were used. Water conservation and recirculation had gained importance in these dry areas. Large tanks providing water for irrigation were called Anecut or Bund. There were several irrigated areas within the fortified city making the fortress very self-sufficient and capable of withstanding long sieges. In the empire, the majority of the people were involved in agriculture growing rice, wheat, ragi, cotton, sugarcane and pulses which were popular. There were plantations growing coconut, Areca and Betel. Portuguese influence brought the growth of onion, tobacco and ground nut into practice. Many large tanks called Bukkasamudram, Vyasasamudram, Krishnarayasagara, Sadashivasagara, Maiviru Magada, Kamalapurasagara, Rayavakaluve, Basavanakaluve were constructed. many people adopted many religions. there are variety of religious structures i.e. stupas monasteries and temples. Industries that prospered were cotton textiles, weaving, carpentry, coir work, sculpting, stone quarrying etc. The prolific temple construction activities undertaken provided employment for thousands. Major exports were jaggery, limestone, textiles, salt, sugar, spices from Malnad, iron ore from Kudremukh, gold from Kolar, Hatti and Raichur, diamonds from Telangana area and rice. Major imports were horses from Persia, artillery and cannons, copper, coral, mercury and salt peter from Europe. While ports were humming on both the western and eastern shores, the most important ports were Mangalore, Barkur, Bhatkal, Honavar from where the empire traded with the Europeans and Persians.
Dr. Suryanath U. Kamath, Concise history of Karnataka, MCC, Bangalore, 2001 (Reprinted 2002)
Prof K.A. Nilakanta Sastry, History of South India, from Prehistoric Times to the Fall of Vijayanagar, 1955, OUP, New Delhi (Reprinted 2002)
Hampi, A Travel Guide, Department of Tourism, India, Good Earth publication, New Delhi 2003
New Light on Hampi, Recent research in Vijayanagara, edited by John M. Fritz and George Michell, MARG, 2001, ISBN 81-85026-53-X
Vijayanagar coins, Govt. museum, Chennai
Coins of Vijayanagar Empire
Vijayanagar Coinage
History of Karnataka - Mr. Arthikaje,© 1998-00 OurKarnataka.Com,Inc
Indian Inscriptions - Archaeological Survey Of India
http://freeindia.org/biographies/greatlkings/hakkabukka/index.htm (Biography of Hakka and Bukka.)
Vijayanagar Empire, Dr. Jyotsna Kamat
Incredible India Hampi Guide
Hampi - History and Tourism
Viscumamide is a cyclic peptide isolated from endophytic fungi of mangrove.
Spain competed at the 1982 European Athletics Championships in Athens, Greece, from 6–12 September 1982.
Track & road events
Field events
Women
Greensboro (preliminary names Tysons Central 7, Tysons Central) is a Washington Metro station in Tysons Corner, in Fairfax County, Virginia, on the Silver Line. It opened on July 26, 2014 as part of phase 1 of the Silver Line. Greensboro is one of four Metro stations in the Tysons Corner area and is to be part of the massive regeneration of the district.
Like Spring Hill station, Greensboro was built in the median of SR 7 with a single island platform serving two tracks. However, unique amongst all Silver Line stations in Tysons Corner, it was built partially at ground level and sub-surface. The construction and overall design of the station have been likened to that of Naylor Road on the Green Line because of its depressed but open-air layout. This is the result of the south end of the station acting as the western portal for the connecting tunnel leading to SR 123 while SR 7 slopes upwards towards the east. A mezzanine covering the central half of the platform will contain ticket machines and faregates; two aerial walkway exits will cross either side of Route 7 and meet at the mezzanine. The main platform has a height of −12 feet (−3.7 m) at its east end and 12 feet (3.7 m) at its west end.
Greensboro station opened as part of the first phase of the Silver Line to Wiehle – Reston East in 2014. In the planning stages, controversy ensued over whether to build the Metro in a tunnel or on an elevated viaduct through Tysons Corner. It was eventually decided that the majority of the line would be built above ground, but the station will be built partially below ground in order to send trains through a short tunnel connecting the line's Route 7 and Route 123-paralleling sections.
Greensboro station is located within west-central Tysons Corner, specifically in the median of Route 7 (Leesburg Pike). Much of the surrounding area is commercial in nature, with the Pike Seven Plaza Shopping Center to the west and Tysons Galleria to the east with little in the way of residential development. Traffic counts by the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) show that the section of Leesburg Pike on which the station will sit is the most heavily-used in Fairfax County with 61,000 vehicles per day using the stretch of road between Route 123 and the Dulles Toll Road.
In order to reduce congestion and improve walkability and connectivity in the area, the Fairfax County Planning Commission created the "Tysons Corner Urban Center Comprehensive Plan", an outline for the urbanisation of Tysons Corner in conjunction with the opening of the Silver Line. As one of four Metro stations within the identified locale, Greensboro is the focal point of one of the transit-oriented development schemes in the plan. According to the Commission's outline, the area bounded by Route 123, Gosnell Drive, Westpark Drive, and International Drive will be designated as the Tysons Central 7 District and contain high-density residential and commercial mixed-use development.
The Tysons Central 7 District is divided into two sub-districts, North and South, separated by Route 7. The south sub-district is approximately 76 acres (31 ha) large and will contain mixed-use development, with offices predominating near the station and residential buildings in the outer transition zone. The plan calls for a "civic commons" to be the central open space in the sub-district with government and civi-related buildings surrounding it. The north sub-district is similar in nature, but is 102 acres (41 ha) in area. In contrast, the north sub-district is planned to be more vibrant and 24-hour than the south, with a minimum building height of 175 feet (53 m), although both sectors have a maximum allowance of 400 feet (122 m). To connect these districts, it is envisioned that Leesburg Pike will be reconfigured, along with Chain Bridge Road, to a "boulevard" design, with a median separating four lanes of traffic each way, as well as landscaping the sidewalks to improve walkability. Radiating out from Route 7 will be a series of avenues and collector streets, each with different regulations to create a hierarchical street grid.
2 station entrances (each side of Route 7)
Pedestrian bridge crossing Route 7
Bus dropoff/pickup
Dulles Corridor Metrorail Project
Laura Lorenza Morfin Macouzet (born 9 January 1982 in Cuernavaca, Morelos) is a former road cyclist from Mexico. She represented her nation at the 2006, 2008 and 2009 UCI Road World Championships.
profile at Procyclingstats.com
The John Humphrey Freedom Award was presented annually by the Canadian human rights group Rights & Democracy, to an organization or individual from any country or region of the world for exceptional achievement in the promotion of human rights and democratic development. It was established in 1992.
The award consisted of a grant of C$25,000, as well as a speaking tour of Canadian cities to help increase awareness of the recipient’s human rights work.
It was named in honor of John Peters Humphrey, a Canadian human rights law professor who prepared the first draft of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
2011 - Ales Michalevic, Belarus
2010 - PROVEA (El Programa Venezolano de Educacion-Accion en Derechos Humanos), Venezuela
2009 - La'Onf, the Iraqi Nonviolence Network, Iraq
2008 - Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights, Zimbabwe
2007 - Akbar Ganji, Iran
2006 - Su Su Nway, Burma
2005 - Yan Christian Warinussy, West Papua, Indonesia
2004 - Godeliève Mukasarasi, Rwanda
2003 - Kimy Pernía Domicó, Colombia and Angélica Mendoz de Ascarza, Peru
2002 - Ayesha Imam, Nigeria
2001 - Dr. Sima Samar, Afghanistan
2000 - Reverend Timothy Njoya, Kenya
1999 – Cynthia Maung and Min Ko Naing, Burma
1998 – Palden Gyatso, Tibet
1997 – Father Javier Giraldo, Colombia
1996 – Sultana Kamal, Bangladesh
1995 – Bishop Carlos Filipe Ximenes Belo, East Timor
1994 – Campaign for Democracy, Nigeria and Egyptian Organization for Human Rights, Egypt
1993 – La Plate-forme des organismes haïtiens de défense des droits humains, Haïti
1992 – Instituto de Defensa Legal, Peru
Gals (French: Chules) is a municipality in the Seeland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Gals is first mentioned in 1185 as Galles. In French it was known as Chules.
The area around Gals has been inhabited for thousands of years. Some of the earliest archeological discoveries include a Bronze Age dug out canoe, Hallstatt grave mounds, La Tène and a Roman era wall. The recorded settlement was a large farm or estate that was built by the Counts of Neuchâtel. The village gradually grew up around the farm. During the 12th or 13th century the village was acquired by the Bernese Abbey of St. Johannsen. It remained part of the Abbey's land until the Abbey was secularized in 1528 during the Protestant Reformation. Gals became part of the Bernese bailiwick of Erlach. Serfdom was abolished relatively late, in 1551. The village first received a village charter in 1652. In the years 1746, 1837, 1852 and 1869, large fires ravaged the village. Between 1874 and 1883 the Zihl canal was built through the region. The canal allowed the villagers to drain the Grissachmoos marsh, which became rich farmland for sugar beets and other crops. In 1894 the village of Zihlbrücke was incorporated into Gals when the border between the Cantons of Bern and Neuchâtel was moved.
A brickyard was in operation in the village from 1658 until 1960. In the 19th century a watch parts factory opened, which provided manufacturing jobs. In 1960 the Compagnie Industrielle Radioélectrique opened a factory in Gals. In 1998 it was acquired by Alcatel Space SA. In 1883, the Canton of Bern bought and converted the Abbey of St. Johannsen into a prison, which still continues to provide jobs for the municipality.
Gals has an area of 7.86 km 2  (3.03 sq mi). Of this area, 4.19 km 2  (1.62 sq mi) or 53.3% is used for agricultural purposes, while 2.67 km 2  (1.03 sq mi) or 34.0% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 0.64 km 2  (0.25 sq mi) or 8.1% is settled (buildings or roads), 0.4 km 2  (0.15 sq mi) or 5.1% is either rivers or lakes and 0.01 km 2  (2.5 acres) or 0.1% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 4.1% and transportation infrastructure made up 3.4%. Out of the forested land, 32.4% of the total land area is heavily forested and 1.5% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 46.1% is used for growing crops and 5.5% is pastures, while 1.8% is used for orchards or vine crops. All the water in the municipality is flowing water.
The municipality lies between the Zihl Canal (Thielle), Lake Biel and Jolimont. It includes the sections Bethlehem, Zihlbrücke and the Massnahmenzentrum St. Johannsen.
On 31 December 2009 Amtsbezirk Erlach, the municipality's former district, was dissolved. On the following day, 1 January 2010, it joined the newly created Verwaltungskreis Seeland.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is Gules on a Bend Argent three Fleurs-de-lis Azure.
Gals has a population (as of December 2014) of 770. As of 2010, 8.5% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (2000-2010) the population has changed at a rate of 10.4%. Migration accounted for 11.5%, while births and deaths accounted for 0.5%.
Most of the population (as of 2000) speaks German (544 or 79.0%) as their first language, French is the second most common (107 or 15.5%) and Spanish is the third (5 or 0.7%). There are 2 people who speak Italian.
As of 2008, the population was 47.9% male and 52.1% female. The population was made up of 306 Swiss men (42.6% of the population) and 38 (5.3%) non-Swiss men. There were 351 Swiss women (48.9%) and 2 (0.3%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the municipality, 202 or about 29.3% were born in Gals and lived there in 2000. There were 205 or 29.8% who were born in the same canton, while 176 or 25.5% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 90 or 13.1% were born outside of Switzerland.
As of 2010, children and teenagers (0–19 years old) make up 20.8% of the population, while adults (20–64 years old) make up 60.6% and seniors (over 64 years old) make up 18.7%.
As of 2000, there were 270 people who were single and never married in the municipality. There were 359 married individuals, 33 widows or widowers and 27 individuals who are divorced.
As of 2000, there were 82 households that consist of only one person and 15 households with five or more people. In 2000, a total of 266 apartments (90.2% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 19 apartments (6.4%) were seasonally occupied and 10 apartments (3.4%) were empty. As of 2010, the construction rate of new housing units was 1.4 new units per 1000 residents. The vacancy rate for the municipality, in 2011, was 0.85%.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
The prehistoric burial mounds of Jolimont & Chlosterwald and the Jolimont-Gut manor house are listed as Swiss heritage site of national significance. The entire village of Gals and the Jolimont-Gut estate are part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
The Jolimont-Gut manor house was originally a farm house and estate for the Abbey of St. Johannsen. By 1570 it was owned by a noble family. The estate continued to pass through numerous noble families until 1793 when it was acquired by Henri-Louis Borle who modernized the estate and farm. In 1824 it was reorganized by Frédéric de Pourtalès-Castellane into a prestigious country estate. Edouard de Pury-Wavre renovated and altered the building in 1888.
The manor house was built of stone in 1600 in the late-Gothic style. The wooden porch and Neo-Gothic round towers were added in 1835. The interior was renovated and modernized in 1890 and again in 1930. The nearby tenant's house was built before 1800 and was rebuilt following a fire in 1979. The stable with an attached apartment was built on the site of an older tenant's house. It was built in 1894 by Léo Châtelain and was originally designed as a guest house.
In the 2011 federal election the most popular party was the Swiss People's Party (SVP) which received 32% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the Conservative Democratic Party (BDP) (21.3%), the Social Democratic Party (SP) (17.2%) and the Green Party (6.7%). In the federal election, a total of 255 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 47.3%.
As of 2011, Gals had an unemployment rate of 1.71%. As of 2008, there were a total of 545 people employed in the municipality. Of these, there were 74 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 17 businesses involved in this sector. 308 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 11 businesses in this sector. 163 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 22 businesses in this sector. There were 394 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 40.4% of the workforce.
In 2008 there were a total of 465 full-time equivalent jobs. The number of jobs in the primary sector was 51, all of which were in agriculture. The number of jobs in the secondary sector was 280 of which 269 or (96.1%) were in manufacturing and 12 (4.3%) were in construction. The number of jobs in the tertiary sector was 134. In the tertiary sector; 62 or 46.3% were in wholesale or retail sales or the repair of motor vehicles, 31 or 23.1% were in a hotel or restaurant, 2 or 1.5% were technical professionals or scientists, 12 or 9.0% were in education and 1 was in health care.
In 2000, there were 176 workers who commuted into the municipality and 231 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.3 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 7.6% used public transportation to get to work, and 54.8% used a private car.
From the 2000 census, 106 or 15.4% were Roman Catholic, while 434 or 63.0% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there were 11 members of an Orthodox church (or about 1.60% of the population), and there were 43 individuals (or about 6.24% of the population) who belonged to another Christian church. There was 1 individual who was Jewish, and 13 (or about 1.89% of the population) who were Islamic. There were 3 individuals who were Hindu. 89 (or about 12.92% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 10 individuals (or about 1.45% of the population) did not answer the question.
In Gals about 286 or (41.5%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 88 or (12.8%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule). Of the 88 who completed tertiary schooling, 56.8% were Swiss men, 27.3% were Swiss women, 6.8% were non-Swiss men and 9.1% were non-Swiss women.
The Canton of Bern school system provides one year of non-obligatory Kindergarten, followed by six years of Primary school. This is followed by three years of obligatory lower Secondary school where the students are separated according to ability and aptitude. Following the lower Secondary students may attend additional schooling or they may enter an apprenticeship.
During the 2010-11 school year, there were a total of 50 students attending classes in Gals. There were no kindergarten classes but there were 3 primary classes and 50 students. Of the primary students, 38.0% have a different mother language than the classroom language.
As of 2000, there were 2 students in Gals who came from another municipality, while 44 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
Gals in German, French and Italian in the online Historical Dictionary of Switzerland.
Zihlbrücke in German, French and Italian in the online Historical Dictionary of Switzerland.
Faysal Ahmad Bin 'Ali al-Zahrani is a Saudi Arabian man and senior oil official for the Islamic State.
He was born 19 Jan 1986 or 18 Jan 1986 in Saudi Arabia. He is also known as Abu Sara al-Jazrawi, Abu Sarah al-Saudi and Abu Sarah al-Zahrani.
He joined Islamic State in June 2014. In July 2014, he joined the natural resources ministry (Diwan al-Rikaz), which oversees the Islamic State's trade in oil and gas.
On January 2015, he controlled five oil fields. As head of IS’s oil and gas division in Al-Hasakah Governorate, he oversaw the activities of seven IS oil and gas officials. He sent the IS treasury tens of millions of dollars in oil and gas revenues between September 2014 and March 2015.
As of May 2015, he was the IS oil and gas division official for Al-Hasakah Governorate, Syria, serving directly under ISIL oil and gas emir for Syria Abu Sayyaf who was killed in May 2015. Prior to Abu Sayyaf’s death, al-Zahrani regularly transferred funds to him. In May 2015, he assumed control and oversight of car bomb production at the Rukaybah oil production plant compound. As of June 2015, he supervised an IS oil production plant in Rukaybah.
By August 2015, he was in charge of all IS oil and gas activities in al-Hasakah Province, which included supervising oil auctions to local merchants. As of December 2015, al-Zahrani remained responsible for ISIL oil and gas activities in the areas around Al-Shaddadah.
He was sanctioned by the United States Department of the Treasury on February 11, 2016.
He was listed by the United Nations Security Council on 20 April 2016 "as being associated with ISIL or Al-Qaida for “participating in the financing, planning, facilitating, preparing, or perpetrating of acts or activities by, in conjunction with, under the name of, on behalf of, or in support of” Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), listed as Al-Qaida in Iraq".
Intejocerida is the name given to a group of generally straight shelled nautiloid cephalopods originally found in Lower and Middle Ordovician sediments in the Angara River basin in Russia; defined in the Treatise as an order, and combined there with the Endocerida in the Endoceratoidea.
Members of the Intejocerida are typically straight shelled with large siphuncles that vary in position from ventral to central, in which septal necks from very short to holochoantic and connecting rings from moderately thick to apparently thin. Common to all, and the character by which the order was defined, are deposits within the siphuncle that have been described as longitudinal, radially arranged, calcareous lamellae.
Flower (1976) pointed out that not only does the Intejocerida contain two groups, one with Intejoceras and Bajkaloceras with central siphuncles, the other with Envencoceras, Padunoceras, and a third genus Rossoceras, but that combining it with the Endocerida in the Endoceratoidea, makes the latter polyphyletic and therefore an invalid taxon.
Intejoceras and Bajkaloceras can be reasonably derived from the Baltoceratidae or less likely from the Troedssonellidae. Evencoceras, Rossoceras, and Padunoceras have their probable origin in the Proterocameroceratidae and are retained with the endocerids.
Flower, R.H. 1976. Some Whiterock and Chazy Endoceroids. Part II, Mem.28; New Mexico Bureau of Mines and Mineral Resources, 1976.
Techert, C. 1964. Endoceratoidea. Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology, Park K. Teichert & Moore (eds). Geological Society of America and Univ Kansas Press.
Eyjafjörður (Icelandic pronunciation: [ˈeːijaˌfjœrðʏr̥], Island Fjord) is the longest fjord in Iceland. It is located in the central north of the country, near the second-most populous area of Iceland.
The fjord is long and narrow and measures 60 km from its head to its mouth. Its greatest width is 15 km between Ólafsfjörður and Gjögurtá at the fjord's mouth, but for the greater part of its length it is mostly 5–10 km wide.
The fjord is surrounded by hills and mountains on both sides; the mountains are taller on the west side, in the mountain range of the Tröllaskagi peninsula. In the outer part of the fjord there are no lowlands along the coast as the steep hills roll directly into the sea. Further south in the fjord there are strips of lowland along both coasts; these are wider on the west side.
Several valleys lead from Eyjafjörður: most of them to the west, where the two most significant are Hörgárdalur and Svarfaðardalur. Dalsmynni is the only valley on the east side. However the largest valley in the area is Eyjafjarðardalur, which runs directly south from the fjord itself. It is about 50 km long, and is home to one of Iceland's largest agricultural regions.
Several rivers flow into Eyjafjörður: the most significant are Eyjafjarðará and Hörgá (whose valleys are named above), and Fnjóská (which flows into the fjord via Dalsmynni).
The island of Hrísey in the middle of Eyjafjörður is the second largest island off the coast of Iceland and often referred to as "The Pearl of Eyjafjörður".
Eyjafjörður contains a number of hydrothermal vents in shallow (20 to 65 metres) water, with cones rising up to 20 metres below the water surface.
The area of Eyjafjörður is Iceland's second most populous one after the Capital Region in Southwest Iceland. The total population of the region was approximately 24,000 in 2008 (excluding the town of Siglufjörður and the island of Grímsey, both of which are often associated with Eyjafjörður but are not in the fjord).
The largest town by far is Akureyri; other settlements in the region are: Dalvík (the only other settlement with over 1000 inhabitants), Ólafsfjörður, Hrísey, Árskógssandur, Hauganes, Hjalteyri, Hrafnagil, Svalbarðseyri and Grenivík. Most of these settlements base their livelihood on fisheries and agriculture, but Akureyri is also a service center and the site of a growing university.
Fjords of Iceland
Henry Edwards (18 September 1882 – 2 November 1952) was an English actor and film director. He appeared in 81 films between 1915 and 1952. He also directed 67 films between 1915 and 1937. Edwards was married to actress Chrissie White, who co-starred in a number of his films. He was born in Weston-super-Mare, Somerset and died in Chobham, Surrey.
Henry Edwards at the Internet Movie Database
Henry Edwards at AllMovie
The Tasmanian Government Railways Q class was a class of 4-8-2 steam locomotives operated by the Tasmanian Government Railways.
In 1922/23, the Tasmanian Government Railways took delivery of six 4-8-2 locomotives from Perry Engineering, Gawler followed by a further three in 1929 from Walkers Limited, Maryborough. Between 1936 and 1945, a further 20 were built by Clyde Engineering, Sydney. The final four were delivered with higher pressure boilers.
They operated on the Western, Derwent Valley, Main and Fingal lines. Following the arrival of the X class, they began to operate suburban passenger services in Hobart. The first was withdrawn in 1957 with the final examples withdrawn in January 1964 following the Y class entering service. Q5 has been preserved at the Tasmanian Transport Museum, Glenorchy.
Bishan-Ang Mo Kio Park (formerly known as Bishan Park) is a major park in Singapore, located in the popular heartland of Bishan. Serving the residents of Bishan and Ang Mo Kio, the park sits entirely within Bishan, running along the Ang Mo Kio–Bishan boundary line, which is situated at Ang Mo Kio Avenue 1. In the middle of the park lies the Kallang River, which channels through it in the form of a flat riverbed.
The park was constructed in 1988, and is one of the biggest and most popular parks in Singapore.
Amenities in the park include Aramsa Spa, a children's playground, a frequently-used dog run, a garden spa, cycling and running tracks, an inline skates rental outlet as well as a couple of food and beverage outlets. Many types of plants can be found in the park including the Chinese fan palm and Phoenix palm. A flower garden called Frangipani Garden and a vegetable garden called Green Vibes Garden accompany the scenic lakes and shaded lawns to offer some of the best relaxation spots for picnics and family gatherings.
Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong announced the official opening of the ABC Waters@Kallang River-Bishan Park Project on 3 October 2009. The project, initiated by the Public Utilities Board (PUB) and the National Parks Board (NParks), will see the transformation of the existing canal into a natural meandering river upon completion. Slated to be completed in 2011, it will also include the construction of additional facilities such as a River Promenade and three new playgrounds.
Bishan Park was constructed to provide a buffer between Ang Mo Kio New Town and Bishan New Town. It was also envisioned as a leisure destination for residents ranging from children to nature-lovers, containing facilities such as a football field, a floating amphiteatre and a natural pond. Construction took place in two stages. The park, costing SGD$8.5 million to build, is one of the biggest park projects by the Housing Development Board at the time of its construction.
The Active, Beautiful, Clean Waters (ABC Waters) Programme was launched in 2006 to transform the country’s water bodies beyond their functions of drainage and water supply into beautiful and clean rivers and lakes with new spaces for community bonding and recreation. At the same time, it promotes the application of a new, water-sensitive urban design approach (also known as ABC Waters design features in Singapore) to managing rainwater sustainably. A long-term initiative, over 100 locations have been identified for project implementation in phases by 2030, with 20 projects already completed, bringing people closer to water. ABC Waters @ Kallang River – Bishan Park is one of the flagship projects under this programme. The park was due for major refurbishment and the Kallang River in the form of a concrete channel along the park edges was also due for upgrading to cater to increased rainwater runoff from the catchment due to urbanisation. Plans were thus made to carry out redevelopment works together, transforming Kallang River from a linear utilitarian concrete drainage channel into a meandering, natural river through the park.
The integration of the river and park involved joint responsibilities between government agencies in charge of different areas (parks and water). National water agency, PUB, and NParks engaged Ramboll Studio Dreiseitl (design) and CH2M Hill (engineering) to look at how the park, river and surrounding residential estates could be integrated as one. This took place through a series of workshops, on-site tours and discussions where issues were thrown out and ideas were exchanged and debated. The suitability of plant species for soil bioengineering, for example, had not been implemented in Singapore prior to this, and thus had to be tested – this was done through a year-long survey at the test reach (see Techniques). Other parties which came on board included bioengineering specialists and horticulturists
The use of soil bioengineering techniques (a combination of vegetation, natural materials and civil engineering techniques) to stabilize the river banks and prevent erosion was a first for Singapore and is a new reference for soil stabilisation in the tropics, which have otherwise rarely been used or documented. In 2009, a test bed was constructed, testing about 10 different soil bioengineering techniques and a wide variety of tropical plant species along a length of 60 metres at one of the side drains in the park. Seven of these techniques were then selected for use along the main river. These include fascines, rip-rap with cuttings, geotextile wrapped soil-lifts, brush mattresses with fascines, reed rolls, planted gabions, and geotextile with plantings. The test bed was used to refine the selection of appropriate techniques and plants, as well as the most efficient and effective construction methods. Extensive systematic testing was carried out, including measuring the depth and tenacity of root development.
Cleansing biotopes offer effective water treatment while maintaining a natural and beautiful environment. They consist of carefully selected plants in a filter medium which helps to cleanse the water by filtering pollutants and absorbing nutrients. Located upstream in the park, the cleansing biotope helps to maintain the water quality of the ponds without the use of chemicals.
Within the park, a new water playground was designed to increase the attractiveness and visitor enjoyment of the park. Water for this playground is supplied by cleansed pond water that has been filtered through the cleansing biotope and has undergone an ultraviolet (UV) treatment to eliminate any harmful biological contaminants without introducing any chemicals into the water.
Three new playgrounds were constructed for children to enjoy. New bridges, stepping stones in the water and a riverside gallery were also built to encourage increased interaction with water. Existing features such as the foot reflexology feature, community garden, dog run and fitness areas were refurbished to update the overall look of the park.
No wildlife was introduced to the park but the introduction of the naturalised river into the park has seen the park’s biodiversity increase by 30%. Singapore lies within the East Asian – Australasian Flyway so the park can expect to receive some special migratory bird visitors. A few surprise visitors have been spotted including the Zanzibar red bishop, a native to Africa, the spotted wood owl, native to the jungle forest in Indonesia, long-tailed parakeet, native in the Andaman Islands and the orange-cheeked waxbill, native to western and central Africa. Birds such as the purple heron, scaly-breasted munia and white-breasted waterhen that are seldom seen in a high-dense urban neighbourhood have also been spotted roosting among the vegetation. The Malay Archipelago is one of the world’s greatest biodiversity hotspots, second only to the Amazon, and the tropical rainforest climate is home to an abundance of lush vegetation.
The restoration of the river has created a huge variety of micro-habitats which not only increase biodiversity but the resilience of species within the park, meaning their long term ability to survive is greatly improved.
Amidst a crowd of 2000 people including residents, local community partners such as schools and non-profit groups, Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong officially opened the redeveloped park on 17 March 2012, renaming it Bishan-Ang Mo Kio Park.
Kallang River
Herbert Dreiseitl
List of parks in Singapore
Atelier Dreiseitl
CH2M Hill
Bishan-AMK Park - National Parks Board
Bishan Park - Public Utilities Board
Bishan Park Opening AsiaOne News Article
World Landscape Architect
TreeHugger
Landscape Architecture Magazine
ECOWAN
Jawaharpur Vidyut Utpadan Nigam Ltd is located at Village Malawan district Etah in Uttar Pradesh, India. The power plant is one of the coal-based power plants of Jawaharpur Vidyut Utpadan Nigam Ltd. (JVUNL), a 100 % subsidiary of UP Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam Limited (UPRVUNL)
List of Power Stations in Uttar Pradesh
Luigi Gubitosi (Naples, 22 May 1961) is an Italian business man and he has been the CEO of Rai since 17 July 2013 to 6 August 2015.
He was criticized because as of 2015 Rai company can counts on 46 directors and 262 head offices and they are considered too many; Rai Spa is a private company but it's 100% owned by the Italian Government so Italian People have to pay a high taxes in order to sustain Private Spa Italian Government owned company like Rai whom Luigi Gubitosi is Ceo.
Gubitosi hired 14 new managers in 2015.
Qntal III is the third album of the German darkwave/gothic rock group Qntal, released in 2003. It is a concept album based on the medieval narratived Tristan and Iseult. Many tracks feature original lyrics by poets of that period.
German magazine Sonic Seducer gave Qntal III a positive review, remarking that the natural sound of III was something new after two albums of contrast between rather cold sounds and the vocals by singer Syrah. The album was lauded for its diverse interpretation of the Tristan tale using elements of ambient music, pop and world music. French magazine Prémonition observed that Ernst Horn's style had disappeared from Qntal's works after his leaving of the band but that Syrah's clear voice was still their main asset.
This is a list of Israeli football transfers in the 2011 summer transfer window by each club.
Tinder is combustible material for fires.
Tinder may also refer to:
Tinder (app), matchmaking software
Tinder Foundation, a UK-based charity for digital inclusion
John Daniel Tinder (born 1950), U.S. judge
Tindr (disambiguation)
The Hopman Cup XXII (also known as the Hyundai Hopman Cup for sponsorship reasons) corresponds to the 22nd edition of the Hopman Cup tournament between nations in men's and women's tennis. The tournament started on 2 January 2010 at the Burswood Dome in Perth, Australia.
Eight nations competed. They were formed of one man and one woman from the same nation. The nations were split into two pools of four with the group winners contesting the final.
Slovakia were the defending champions but were not invited to participate in 2010, whilst Kazakhstan qualified for the event by winning the Asian Hopman Cup.
Spain won their third title, defeating Great Britain in the final 2–1.
Pat Cash joined Cîrstea to take on the Spanish duo in the doubles over a Pro Set. The Spanish pair won 8–4.
2010 Hopman Cup at Hopman Cup
Statistics of Úrvalsdeild in the 1970 season.
It was contested by 8 teams, and ÍA won the championship. ÍBA's Hermann Gunnarsson was the top scorer with 14 goals.
The 2010–11 Iowa State Cyclones men's basketball team represents Iowa State University in the 2010-11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. Their head coach is Fred Hoiberg who is entering his first season as a head coach. The team plays its home games at Hilton Coliseum in Ames, Iowa and are members of the Big 12 Conference. The Cyclones finished the 2009–10 season with a 15–17 record and 4–12 in Big 12 play and lost in the first round of the 2010 Big 12 Men's Basketball Tournament.
Hazaragi (Persian: هزارگی‎‎) is a dialect of the Persian language, more precisely a part of the Dari dialect continuum (one of the main languages of Afghanistan), and is mutually intelligible with Dari. It is spoken by the Hazara people primarily in an area of central Afghanistan known as the Hazarajat, as well as other Hazara-populated areas of their native living ground of Afghanistan. It is also spoken by the Hazara diasporeans in Pakistan and Iran and elsewhere as part of the much larger Afghan diaspora.
The primary differences between Dari Persian and Hazaragi are the accent and Hazaragi's greater array of Mongolic loanwords. Despite these differences, Hazaragi is mutually intelligible with Dari, of the main languages of Afghanistan.
Academic estimates of the Hazaragi-speaking population range from 1.8 to over 2.2 million speakers.
Hazaragi is (ultimately) a dialect of the Persian language, with loanwords borrowed from Mongolic. It is a member of the Iranian branch of the Indo-European family and is closely related to Dari Persian (the Persian dialect in Afghanistan). Hazaragi in the Daykundi Province has a significant admixture of Mongolic influence in the language via Karluk.
Hazaragi is spoken by Hazara people who mainly live in Afghanistan (the Hazarajat and also in major urban areas), with diaspora communities in Pakistan (particularly Quetta) and Iran (particularly Mashhad), Eastern Uzbekistan, Northern Tajikistan, the Americas, Europe and Australia.
In recent years a substantial population of Hazara refugees have settled in Australia, prompting the Department of Immigration and Citizenship to move towards an official recognition of Hazaragi language. Currently NAATI (national accreditation authority for translators and interpreters) holds interpreting tests for Hazaragi as a distinct language, noting in test materials that Hazaragi varies by dialect, and that any dialect of Hazaragi may be used in interpreter testing as long as it would be understood by the average speaker. The test materials also note that Hazaragi in some locations has been significantly influenced by surrounding languages, and that the use of non-Hazaragi words assimilated from neighbouring languages would be penalised in testing.
The history of the language of the Hazara people has been an issue of some debate. While some scholars believe that the Hazara originally spoke a Mongolic language during the time of the Mongol king Babur, who came to Afghanistan in the 16th century, many well established scholars like Bacon and Schumann believe that the original language of Hazaras was Dari Persian from the beginning. A distinct Hazara Persian dialect began to emerge amongst the people of the Hazarajat in the late 18th century. The Hazara spoke Mongolian until the late 18th century. During the time of King Babur Hazaras spoke the Mongolic language of their ancestors. It is not certain when Mongolic died out as a living language in the Hazarajat. Dulling states that, “they ceased to be Mongolic speakers by the end of eighteenth century at the latest, and were then speaking Tajik of a sort”.
There seem to be two main reasons that caused the demise of Mongolic language and emergence of Hazaragi amongst the people of the Hazarajat. The first was the civilization of Persia, their knowledge, art and culture which strongly affected the people living in the mountains of central Afghanistan. The second major reason was the religion of Islam and the role of the Persian language in Islam.
The Persian language extended and spread out of the boundaries of Iran and supplanted the language of Mongols. After the Mongol assault in Iran from 1219 to 1221 and slaughter of the learned men, some of them fled and went out to Greater Khurasan (now northern Afghanistan), of whom a large number also took refuge in South Asia (current India and Pakistan). It is said that the “Soofis” both Iranian and non-Iranian left indelible memories in the propagation of Persian language.
The second generation of Mongolians, in order to maintain control of a Persian-speaking country, of necessity adapted to the Persian culture and language. The linking and love of Iranian culture and language so enamored the Mongol rulers that they themselves, became the best proponents of the Iranian culture and language. The courts of Mughal kings such as Akbar, Shah Jahan, Jahangir attracted many Iranian poets and men of learning.
When Nadir Shah Afshar conquered Kandahar in 1150 A.H, in order to propagate the Persian language in Afghanistan, he planted settlements from Iran and moved a number of people from Afghanistan, whom he settled by grants of land in the middle of Iran. The Qizilbash People are from these new settlers.
One of the reasons behind the demise of Mongolic language was the religion of Islam. The Persian language became so much part of the religion of Islam that it almost went wherever Islam took roots. Persian entered, in this way, into the very faith and thought of the people embracing Islam throughout South Asia.
Timur, though he committed many great depredations, was brought up according to the Iranian culture and patronized the learned to such an extent that Samarkand and Herat became seats of Iranian learning.
Similarly the Ilkhanate Mongols (one main tribe of the ancestors of Hazara) rulers became so involved with Persian that after Iskan Khan, when the Mongols went to the mountains of present Hazarajat they took the language of Persia with them along with Shi'a Islam.
There are some Mongol-speaking Moghol people, mainly in Karez and Kundur between Maymana and Herat (northwestern and western Afghanistan) who still speak the Mongolic language that other Hazaras do not understand.
Modern Hazaragi contains a number of Mongolic words. Over time the Mongolian language has died out in Afghanistan as living language amongst the Hazara people. The very first known language of Hazara people, inherited from the Mongols is being supplanted by the ambience the speakers are living in. Such as Afghanistan: where the Hazaragi speakers are adding more and more Dari to their language, whereas in Pakistan the Hazara are adding more Urdu and English words to Hazaragi. A number of Hazara people live in the United States, Europe and Australia where they adapt the language culture of their respective countries.
Dulling says in his book "Grammatically the Mongolian was probably fairly pure, it contained a certain amount of original language, Persian and its substratum. It would seem, too, that because the long period that separated the initial and final Mongol settlements, the Mongolic language itself was not homogeneous, containing as it did not only Middle Mongol but also modern Mongol elements.”
The existence of Mongolic languages is discussed in Hayat Mohammad Khan's Hayate Afghan:
It seems difficult to classify the language spoken by them as it is an amalgam of various dialects. From the Persian spoken by them it cannot be ascertained definitely as to what qaum [race, people] they belong to. Their language resembles to that of Zabulis. Baber in his memoirs has sometimes written that they are Mongols and Mongolian words are in their language; and at another place he (Baber) calls them Hazara Turkomans, Turkish words are also found in their language. If they are Turks, why is there such a profusion of Mongolian in their language? Considering that their neighbor in the north are Turks of Turkestan and in the south, there are Pashto dialects. It is strange that the people in between have a Persian language of their own.
Khan concludes that because of their connection in the Government in Zabul their language underwent a change into a dialect of Persian spoken by the Zabulis, their own Mongolian ceased to exist owing the passage of time.
The grammatical structure of Hazaragi is practically identical with that of Kabuli Persian. The most striking feature of this dialect is its lexicon that includes many notable items of uncertain origin. G. K. Dulling considers “the present dialect to consist of three strata:
pre-Mongol Persian, with its own substratum;
Mongolic language; and
modern Tajik, which preserves in it elements of (1) and (2).
He is probably right when he asserts so and that: “Although these dialects are essentially forms of modern Tajik [more properly modern Dari; they are nevertheless lexically distinctive enough to merit their local special name of ‘Hazaragi’”. Examples of the vocabulary are: Mongolic: [Modern Mongolian: ber - Hazaragi: beri “bride”], [Modern Mongolian: alga - Hazaragi: alagha - “palm (of hand)”], [Modern Mongolian: hulgai - Hazaragi: qulaghay “thief”]; Turkic: [ata “father”], [kaṭa “big, large”], [qara “black”];
As a group of eastern Persian (Dari) varieties which are considered the more formal and classical varieties of Persian, Hazara retains the voiced fricative [γ] and the bilabial articulation of [w] has borrowed the (rare) retro flexes [ṭ] [ḍ] example: [buṭ meaning boot] vs. [but meaning idol] (Persian. Bot); and rarely articulates [h]. The convergence of voiced uvular stop [ɢ] (ق) and voiced velar fricative [ɣ] (غ) in Iranian Persian (probably under the influence of Turkic languages like Azeri and Turkmen), is still kept separate in Hazara.
Diphthongs are [ay], [aw], and [ēw] (Persian [-ab]-[āb]-[ûw]). The vocalic system is typically eastern Persian characterized by the loss of length distinction, the retention of the mid vowels, and the rounding of [ā] [å/o], alternating with its merger with [a], or [û] (Persian-ān).
Stress is dynamic and similar to that in Dari Persian and Tajik Persian, and not variable. It generally falls on the last syllable of a nominal form, including derivative suffixes and a number of morphological markers. Typical is the insertion of epenthetic vowels in consonant clusters, example: [pashm (pašm)] to [pashum (póšum)] meaning [wool] and final devoicing, example: [Khod (ḵût)] meaning [self, own].
The most productive derivative marker is [-i] the plural markers are [-o] (Persian [-hā]), example: [kitab-o meaning books] and animate [-û] (Persian [-ān]) example: [birar-û meaning brothers]. The emphatic vocative marker is [û] and [-o], the indefinite marker is [-i], and the specific object marker is [-(r)a]. The comparative marker is [-tar], example: [kalû meaning big] az u (kada) kalû-tar bigger than that one. Dependent adjectives and nouns follow the head noun and are connected by [-i], example: kitab-i mamud the book of Maḥmud; topicalized possessors precede the head noun marked by the resumptive personal suffix, example, Zulmay ayê-ši literally Zulmay her mother. Prepositions include, in addition to the standard Persian ones, [khun/ḵun(i) meaning with, by means of,] [da meaing in] (Persian [dar]); the latter often replaces [ba meaning to] in dative function; loaned postpositions include comitative [-qati meaning together with] and [(az) -worî meaning like]. Interrogatives typically function also as indefinites, example: [kudam meaning which, someone].
These include [atê/arê meaning yes]; [amma, liken, wali meaning but]; [balki meaning however]; [shayadi/šaydi meaning perhaps];[ale meaning now,]; [wuḵt-a meaning then]. These are also marked by distinctive initial stress.
The imperfective marker is [mi-] (assimilated variants m-, mu-, m-, mê-), example: [mi-zan-um] I hit, I am hitting; the subjunctive and imperative marker is [bi-] (with similar assimilation); the negation is [na-], example: [na-mi-zad-um] I was not hitting. These usually attract stress.
The tense, mood, and aspect system is typically quite different from western Persian. The basic tense system is threefold: present-future, past, and remote (pluperfect). New modal paradigms developed in addition to the subjunctives:
The non-seen/mirative that originates in the resultative-stative perfect (e.g., zad-ēm Persian zada am), which has largely lost its non-modal use;
the potential, or assumptive, which is marked by the invariant [ḵot/khad] (Persian ḵāh-ad it is wanted, intended) combined with the indicate and subjunctive forms.
Moreover, all past and remote forms have developed imperfective forms marked by [mi-]. There are doubts about several of the less commonly found, or recorded, forms, in particular those with [ḵot]. However, the systematic arrangement of all forms according to their morphological, as well as semantic, function shows that those forms fit well within the overall pattern. The system may tentatively be shown as follows (all forms are 1st sing), leaving out complex compound forms such as [zada ḵot mu-buda baš-um].
In the assumptive, the distinction appears to be not between present versus past, but indefinite versus definite. Also, similar to all Persian varieties, the imperfective forms in [mi-] and past perfect forms, such as mi-zad-um, zadabud-um, are used in irreal conditional clauses and wishes, e.g., kaški zimi qulba kadagi mu-but “If the field would only be/have been plowed!” Modal verbs, such as tan- “can,” are constructed with the perfect participle, e.g., ma bû-r-um, da čaman rasid-a ḵot tanist-um “I shall go, and may be able to get to Čaman.” Participial nominalization are typical, both with the perfect participle, e.g., kad-a “(having) done” and with the derived participle with passive meaning, kad-ag-i “having been done,” e.g., zimin-i qulba kada-ya “The field is ploughed,” zamin-i qulba (na-)šuda-ra mi-ngar-um “I am looking at a plowed/unplowed field,” imrûz [u ḵondagi] tikrar mu-kun-a "Today he repeats (reading) what he had read.” The gerundive, e.g., kad-an-i “to be done,” is likewise productive, e.g., yag čiz, ki uftadani baš-a, ma u-ra qad-dist-ḵu girift-um, tulḡa kad-um “One object, that was about to fall, I grabbed, and held it.” The clitic [-ku/-ḵu] topicalizes parts of speech, [-di] the predicate; e.g., i-yši raft, ma-ḵu da ḵona mand-um “He himself left; I, though, I stayed.”
Hazara people
Persian language
Dari Persian
Tajik Persian
Map of the Hazaragi language in Afghanistan
Stallion Springs is a census-designated place (CDP) in the Tehachapi Mountains, in Kern County, California, USA. The population was 2,488 at the 2010 census, up from 1,522 at the 2000 census. Stallion Springs is located in the greater Tehachapi Area.
Stallion Springs is located at 35°5′20″N 118°38′33″W.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of 16.5 square miles (43 km 2 ), of which, 16.4 square miles (42 km 2 ) of it is land and 0.024 square miles (0.062 km 2 ) of it (0.14%) is water.
The area is patrolled by the Stallion Springs Police Department which was established in 1972. The Stallion Springs Police Department is a California Peace Officer Standards and Training fully certified department which has full law enforcement powers throughout California. They provide the community and the surrounding schools, drug intervention classes, social media safety classes, and gang information classes. The Stallion Springs Police Department has their own Police Activities League (PAL) and Neighborhood Watch Program, and established a Community Services Unit (CSU) in 2014. The CSU assists the police department with administrative duties and some day to day patrol activities.
The most contributing crime factor in the general area is methamphetamine abuse.
The 2010 United States Census reported that Stallion Springs had a population of 2,488. The population density was 151.2 people per square mile (58.4/km²). The racial makeup of Stallion Springs was 2,239 (90.0%) White, 30 (1.2%) African American, 26 (1.0%) Native American, 32 (1.3%) Asian, 7 (0.3%) Pacific Islander, 79 (3.2%) from other races, and 75 (3.0%) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 285 persons (11.5%).
The Census reported that 2,488 people (100% of the population) lived in households, 0 (0%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and 0 (0%) were institutionalized.
There were 1,004 households, out of which 275 (27.4%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 657 (65.4%) were opposite-sex married couples living together, 58 (5.8%) had a female householder with no husband present, 42 (4.2%) had a male householder with no wife present. There were 48 (4.8%) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships, and 8 (0.8%) same-sex married couples or partnerships. 194 households (19.3%) were made up of individuals and 87 (8.7%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48. There were 757 families (75.4% of all households); the average family size was 2.84.
The population was spread out with 522 people (21.0%) under the age of 18, 141 people (5.7%) aged 18 to 24, 510 people (20.5%) aged 25 to 44, 801 people (32.2%) aged 45 to 64, and 514 people (20.7%) who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46.7 years. For every 100 females there were 95.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.4 males.
There were 1,204 housing units at an average density of 73.2 per square mile (28.3/km²), of which 862 (85.9%) were owner-occupied, and 142 (14.1%) were occupied by renters. The homeowner vacancy rate was 5.4%; the rental vacancy rate was 10.0%. 2,056 people (82.6% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 432 people (17.4%) lived in rental housing units.
As of the census of 2000, there were 1,522 people, 586 households, and 469 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 92.5 people per square mile (35.7/km²). There were 763 housing units at an average density of 46.4 per square mile (17.9/km²). The racial makeup of the CDP was 90.21% White, 0.92% Black or African American, 0.99% Native American, 1.12% Asian, 0.07% Pacific Islander, 2.83% from other races, and 3.88% from two or more races. 11.04% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 586 households out of which 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.0% were married couples living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.8% were non-families. 16.4% of all households were made up of individuals and 7.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 2.91.
In the CDP the population was spread out with 26.3% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 23.7% from 45 to 64, and 21.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 101.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.3 males.
The median income for a household in the CDP was $51,029, and the median income for a family was $53,958. Males had a median income of $53,162 versus $37,708 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $18,592. About 3.4% of families and 5.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 1.8% of those under age 18 and 9.9% of those age 65 or over.
Intestinal parasites are parasites that can infect the gastro-intestinal tract of humans and other animals. They can live throughout the body, but most prefer the intestinal wall. Means of exposure include ingestion of undercooked meat, drinking infected water, and skin absorption. The two main types of intestinal parasites are those helminths and protozoa that reside in the intestines (not all helminths and protozoa are intestinal parasites). An intestinal parasite can damage or sicken its host via an infection which is called helminthiasis in the case of helminths.
These depend on the type of infection.
The major groups of parasites include protozoans (organisms having only one cell) and parasitic worms (helminths). Of these, protozoans, including cryptosporidium, microsporidia, and isospora, are most common in HIV-infected persons. Each of these parasites can infect the digestive tract, and sometimes two or more can cause infection at the same time.
Parasites can get into the intestine by going through the mouth from uncooked or unwashed food, contaminated water or hands, or by skin contact with larva infected soil; they can also be transferred by the sexual act of anilingus in some cases. When the organisms are swallowed, they move into the intestine, where they can reproduce and cause symptoms. Children are particularly susceptible if they are not thoroughly cleaned after coming into contact with infected soil that is present in environments that they may frequently visit such as sandboxes and school playgrounds. People in developing countries are also at particular risk due to drinking water from sources that may be contaminated with parasites that colonize the gastrointestinal tract.
Due to the wide variety of intestinal parasites, a description of the symptoms rarely is sufficient for diagnosis. Instead, two common tests are used: stool samples may be collected to search for the parasites, and an adhesive may be applied to the anus in order to search for eggs.
Good hygiene is necessary to avoid reinfection. The Rockefeller Foundation's hookworm campaign in Mexico in the 1920s was extremely effective at eliminating hookworm from humans with the use of antihelminthics. However, preventative measures were not adequately introduced to the people that were treated. Therefore, the rate of reinfection was extremely high and the project evaluated through any sort of scientific method was a marked failure. More education was needed to inform the people of the importance of wearing shoes, using latrines (better access to sanitation), and good hygiene.
Drugs are frequently used to kill parasites in the host. In earlier times, turpentine was often used for this, but modern drugs do not poison intestinal worms directly. Rather, antihelmintic drugs now inhibit an enzyme that is necessary for the worm to make the substance that prevents the worm from being digested.
For example, tapeworms are usually treated with a medicine taken by mouth. The most commonly used medicine for tapeworms is Praziquantel. Praziquantel is also used to treat infections of certain parasites (e.g., Schistosoma and liver flukes).
Human parasites
List of human parasites
The Very Rev. Peter Browne, MA  was Dean of Ferns  from 1794 until his death on 21 July 1842. 
Newsday is a news programme on BBC World News that was first broadcast on 13 June 2011. The programme is normally co-hosted by Babita Sharma and Kasia Madera in London, with Rico Hizon and Sharanjit Leyl in Singapore. On important news stories, the programme is broadcast in Washington with either Katty Kay or Laura Trevelyan instead of the traditional London broadcast. Such news stories included the death of Muhammed Ali, Hillary Clinton getting the democratic nomination and Donald Trump getting important votes in his presidential nomination for the Republican Party. When the programme consists of Singapore and Washington, the titles narrated by Mishal Hussain are not shown.
The programme is broadcast around the world on BBC World News, as well as PBS affiliates in America, and is also shown in the UK on the domestic BBC News channel throughout the night, with the 00:00 and 01:00 GMT bulletins. Newsday is sometimes broadcast on BBC One. It gives international news with a specific focus on Asia and its financial markets.
BBC World News invested in a new Asia Pacific news HQ in Singapore with broadcasts commencing from Monday 3 August 2015 with a revamped studio and graphics and theme music composed by David Lowe.
Newsday is aired from 11:00–01:45 GMT on weekdays on BBC World News. The programme acts as a morning programme for Asia, an overnight broadcast in Europe and the UK and a late night news programme for the Americas. It features analysis and discussion of the top news stories of the day and also previews the exclusive reports, correspondent feature films and interviews.
On 18 June 2012, Newsday broadcast times were changed to 23:00–02:00 GMT (22:00–01:00 GMT in summer time) on Sunday to Thursday. It shown from 00:00–02:00 on Monday to Thursday in the UK.
During commercial breaks for international viewers, UK and PBS viewers get news from around the UK "in brief" with the London presenter.
The programme features split presentation, with a presenter in London and a presenter in Singapore each introducing reports and interviewing occasional guests in-studio. The London presenter also presents links for UK viewers during commercial breaks, while the Singapore presenter goes on to present Asia Business Report at the bottom of each hour. During major events in North America the programme is also presented from Washington.
On occasion the programme is broadcast from other locations, such as in November 2013 when Rico Hizon co-presented from Tacloban, Philippines following Typhoon Haiyan. In January 2014 for a while Sharma presented from Singapore and Hizon from London. Madera reported from Poland during 2015 election.
Newsday at BBC Programmes (BBC News Channel)
Newsday at BBC Programmes (BBC World News)
Newsday at BBC Programmes (BBC World Service)
Birds Hill is a community in the Canadian province of Manitoba located a few kilometres northeast of Winnipeg, Manitoba, in the Rural Municipality of East St. Paul. The community is a few kilometres east of the Red River. A large property in the area was owned by James Curtis Bird, a retired Hudson's Bay Company employee, after whom the area is named. His son, Curtis James Bird inherited the property from his father.
The hills in the area were a place for settlers and native peoples to escape to when fleeing high flood waters along the Red River valley. Originally the area was settled by farmers and the gravel deposits in the area were used to build roads in Winnipeg and nearby locations. A portion of the community is located on top of a hill formed during the last ice age by a glacial sand deposit, or esker. Birds Hill Park is located on the same ridge of sand eskers, but at the other end of them. These sand ridges are some of the highest elevations in south-central Manitoba.
Birds Hill Provincial Park
Winnipeg Folk Festival
James Curtis Bird
Geographic Names of Manitoba (pg. 27) - the Millennium Bureau of Canada
Khaled bin Ouda bin Mohammed al-Harbi, (Arabic: خالد بن عودة بن محمد الحربي‎‎, Khālid bin ‘Ūdah bin Muḥammad al-Ḥarbī) (c.1963 - present) is a Saudi national who was associated with Osama bin Laden's mujahadeen group in the 1980s, and is thought to have rejoined bin Laden and al-Qaeda in the mid-1990s. Also known as Abu Suleiman al-Makki (Arabic: ابوسليمان المكي), he has a thick beard and requires the use of a wheelchair.
The BBC reports that Al-Harbi was Ayman Al-Zawahiri's son-in-law.
Al-Harbi volunteered to fight against the Soviet invaders of Afghanistan during the 1980s.
According to the web-site Global Terror Alert Al-Harbi volunteered to fight in Bosnia in 1992. Al-Harbi lost the use of his legs during a skirmish in Bosnia.
Following their successful war of liberation, in 1995, the new Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina offered citizenship to all foreign volunteers who had fought on their behalf.
Al-Harbi settled in Bosnia, until arrest warrants were issued against him, and eighteen other men, in 1997. The allegation against Al-Harbi was that he had provided a safehouse for terrorists.
Al-Harbi disappeared from the time his arrest warrant was issued and his appearance in a video taped in late 2001 where he had an extended conversation with Osama bin Laden.
The U.S. Department of Defense released a videotape on December 13, 2001 showing Osama bin Laden having an extended conversation with an old acquaintance about the attack of 9-11. Initially bin Laden's friend's identity was unidentified. Commentators speculated that the unknown friend was an important al Qaeda financier, because he did not rise when bin Laden entered the room. By December 16, 2001 Al Harbi had been identified.
Time magazine reported that unidentified U.S. officials described al Harbi as being "a confidant and spiritual sounding board for bin Laden," but not an al Qaeda member." Time reported that Nawaf Obaid, who they identified as a Saudi security analyst, said al-Harbi is cooperating. Obaid called al-Harbi a "very successful recruiter".
In the tape, Khaled al-Harbi states that the tape was being made at the arrangement of the brothers who support al Qaida:
"We don't want to take much of your time, but this is the arrangement of the brothers. People are now supporting us more, even those ones who did not support us in the past, support us now. I did not want to take that much of your time."
In the tape, Khaled al-Harbi states that he and those with him began wondering why they had not heard news of the attacks, and then they got the news and celebrated.
The introduction to the translation states that the tape was made in mid-November 2001 in Afghanistan. The U.S. bombing of Afghanistan began on October 7, 2001.
Afterwards, Al-Harbi lived in hiding along the Iranian-Afghani border.
Al-Harbi surrendered himself to the Saudi Arabian embassy in Iran on July 13, 2004. His surrender was part of a one-month amnesty offer by the Saudi government on June 23, 2004; Some commentators speculated that Al-Harbi was not eligible for the amnesty, arguing that it applied only to those who committed attacks inside Saudi Arabia.
Report: Fourth militant surrenders to Saudis: Amnesty for al-Qaida associates to end soon, MSNBC, July 16, 2004
Saudi officials identify man on bin Laden tape, CNN, December 14, 2001
Reuters
US Military translation of tape [1]
Saudi official news agency release of 12 November 2004 concerning the release of those asking for amnesty. Statement regarding extradition by Prince Naif Ibn Abdul Aziz to the Council of Ministers, July 2003.
Date of US military bombing starting in Afghanistan: [2]
The Sports Administration (SA; Chinese: 體育署; pinyin: Tǐyù Shǔ) is a branch of the Ministry of Education of the Republic of China.
The Sport Administration was initially established in 1932 as the Sports Council(體育委員會). On 12 January 1998, the Sports Affairs Council (行政院體育委員會) of the Executive Yuan was promulgated. Starting 1 January 2013, the council became the Sport Administration and placed under the Ministry of Education.
Planning Division
School Physical Education Division
Sports for All Division
Competitive Athletics Division
International and Cross-Strait Sports Division
Sports Facilities Division
Secretariat
Personnel Office
Accounting Office
Civil Service Ethics Office
The seal of the former Sports Affairs Council consists of three different colors: blue, green, and red. The color blue represents freedom and energy, green represents development, nature, health, and harmony, and red represents passion.
The shape of the seal is combined with three different elements: ume, sun, and human. The ume is used as it is the national flower of the ROC. The sun represents energy and the human represents humanity.
Ministry of Education (Republic of China)
(Chinese) [1]
Player information from WikiBaseball (Chinese)
This is a list of notable individuals born in Colombia of Lebanese ancestry or people of Lebanese and Colombian dual nationality who live or resided in Colombia.
Adriana Tarud - Miss Colombia 2004
Valerie Domínguez Tarud - Miss Colombia 2005
Paola Turbay - Miss Colombia 1991
Taliana Vargas - Miss Colombia 2008
Paulina Vega - Miss universe 2014
Carolina Guerra - actress, model, singer and presenteer
Javier Jattin - professional Colombian actor
John Leguizamo - American actor (maternal grandfather was Lebanese)
Laura de Leon Cespedes - actress and presenter
Majida Issa - actress
Veronica Orozco - actress, singer and model
Yuly Ferreira - actress
Zharick Leon - actress and model
Mario Espitia - actor and presenter
Raphael Antonio aka prince handsome - stand up comedian that moved to Bogota in search of nospikoloso
Claudia Bahamon - RCN presenter and model
Paola Calle - presenter and model
Siad Char - Caracol TV presenter and model
Agmeth Escaf - Caracol TV presenter
Linda Palma - Caracol TV presenter
Andrea Serna - RCN presenter and model
Ana Karina Soto - RCN presenter
Diana Turbay - journalist (daughter of Julio César Turbay Ayala)
Salomón Hakim - neurosurgeon
Naty Botero - singer
Adriana Lucía - singer
Shakira - singer
Soraya - singer
Julio César Turbay Ayala - former president of Colombia
Jairo Clopatofsky - ex-senator
José David Name - Senator
Claudia Turbay Quintero - diplomat and journalist
José Name Terán - former senator
Gabriel Turbay
Radamel Falcao García - professional football player
Mauricio Hadad - former tennis player
Faryd Mondragón - professional football player
Fuad Reveiz - former American football player
Alberto Rujana - professional football manager
Robert Farah Maksoud - former tennis player
Xylophanes bilineata is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Peru.
The wingspan is 74–78 mm. It is similar to Xylophanes fassli, but oval patch distal to the discal spot is smaller and darker green. The forewings are dull grey-green. The cell spot has the form of a large black dot followed by a small slightly darker area. The hindwings are grey-black with a faint orangey-cream band and a narrow dark green outer margin. The fringes are white with some dark intrusions along the veins.
Adults are probably on wing year round.
The larvae possibly feed on Psychotria panamensis, Psychotria nervosa and Pavonia guanacastensis.
Bob Wilkie (born February 11, 1969 in Calgary, Alberta) is a retired professional ice hockey player. He played 18 NHL games with the Detroit Red Wings and Philadelphia Flyers.
Career statistics and player information from NHL.com, or Hockey-Reference.com, or Legends of Hockey, or The Internet Hockey Database
The 1999 Advanta Championships of Philadelphia – Doubles was the tennis doubles event of the seventeenth edition of the Advanta Championships of Philadelphia; a WTA Tier II tournament held in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Elena Likhovtseva and Ai Sugiyama were the defending champions, but Sugiyama did not compete this year. Likhovtseva competed with Amanda Coetzer, but were defeated in the quarterfinals by Lisa Raymond and Rennae Stubbs.
Raymond and Stubbs went on to win the title, defeating Chanda Rubin and Sandrine Testud in the final, 6–1, 7–6.
 Sandra Cacic /  Lilia Osterloh
1999 Advanta Championships of Philadelphia Draw
Timothy John Boham also known as Marcus Allen (born May 27, 1981), is a former gay pornographic film actor who was convicted of the first-degree shooting death of 43-year-old Denver businessman John Paul "J P" Kelso.
In November 2002, Boham appeared on the cover of Freshmen magazine (a magazine focusing on 18- to 25-year-old gay men). In the annual survey in 2003, Marcus Allen was voted "Freshman of the Year" by a wide margin, and again appeared on the cover (June 2003). This led to opportunities such as with Falcon studios.
With Falcon Entertainment, Boham appeared in a dozen adult movies under the name "Marcus Allen" in 2004 and 2005. He was also in Channel I Releasing/Rascal Entertainment's "Never Been Touched" by Chi Chi LaRue. As Marcus Allen, Boham was on the cover of Mandate magazine in July 2006, apparently for All World's Video. Boham also appeared on the cover of Playgirl Magazine's "campus hunks" issue (November 2006) (and is advertised as "John" of Denver, Colorado, and as having a "smooth body and 'softer' side", p. 32-34).
The Advocate reported that Boham left porn about a year before the murder and went to live in Denver, eventually working for John Paul "J P" Kelso but only for about 10 days before failing to show up for his job. Kelso was co-owner of a Denver debt recovery business called Professional Recovery Systems; he was a philanthropist "... giving away hundreds of thousands of dollars to charities around the world...." and was openly gay. Co-workers at the debt recovery business described Tim as "... bright and... [that] it seemed like he had his mind on something else."
A housekeeper found Kelso, 43, shot to death in the bathtub of his upscale Congress Park home on November 13, 2006. The police named Boham as a suspect in the slaying. Boham was arrested on November 16 at the U.S.-Mexico border in Lukeville, Arizona, after identifying himself as the subject of a murder warrant to Customs and Border officers. He was extradited to Colorado and held without bond.
"During [Boham's preliminary hearing], Denver Detective Aaron Lopez testified that in a jailhouse interview in Arizona, where Boham was arrested Nov. 16, Boham said Kelso had asked him to go into the master bedroom to cuddle. But Boham, who said he needed money for his girlfriend, had other plans, Lopez testified. Boham also cut open the safe and found no money in it, the detective said."
According to the Denver Post, Boham told his family that he killed Kelso because he believed that Kelso kept a lot of money in his household safe. "Court documents claim that Boham had bipolar disorder and was prone to fits of rage, and that he told his mother that he had planned to use the money to go to South America with his girlfriend." But Boham said his plan went awry when Kelso refused to open the safe, and there was a brief struggle during which he accidentally shot Kelso, according to the Post. "Lopez said that Boham confessed to both his sister and mother before leaving for Arizona. Before leaving, he repeatedly returned to Kelso's home to clean it up, in hopes that his fingerprints and DNA wouldn't be discovered."."
His trial for murder started with jury selection 1 Jun 2009.
He was found guilty June 9, 2009 and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
List of pornographic movie studios
List of male performers in gay porn films
Affidavit for Arrest, hosted on CourtTV.com
Imageevent.Com (warning: contains nude photos, but also contains both Freshmen magazine covers)
Rocky Mountain News, 10 May 2007
Intended For Mature Audiences, The rise and deadly spiral of Adult Film Star Timothy J. Boham By: Donna Thomas W & B Publishers, November 2014.
"Dog Eat Dog" is a song by Australian hard rock band AC/DC. It is the second track of their album Let There Be Rock, released in 1977, and was written by Angus Young, Malcolm Young, and Bon Scott.
It was released as a single in Australia, and included the non-album track "Carry Me Home" on the B-side, which was later released on Backtracks.
AC/DC played "Dog Eat Dog" on their Black Ice World Tour until early 2010 when they dropped it from the set list and added "High Voltage".
Bon Scott – lead vocals
Angus Young – lead guitar
Malcolm Young – rhythm guitar, backing vocals
Mark Evans – bass guitar
Phil Rudd – drums
Producers: Harry Vanda, George Young
Lyrics
The U.S. Senate election, 1994 was an election held on November 8, 1994, in which the Republican Party was able to take control of the Senate from the Democrats. In a midterm election, the opposition Republicans held the traditional advantage. Congressional Republicans campaigned against the early presidency of Bill Clinton, including his unsuccessful health care plan.
The Republicans successfully defended all of its seats and captured eight seats from the Democrats, including the seats of sitting Senators Harris Wofford (PA) and Jim Sasser (TN), as well as six open seats in Arizona, Maine, Michigan, Ohio, Oklahoma, and Tennessee. Notably, since Sasser's defeat coincided with a Republican victory in the special election to replace Al Gore, Tennessee's Senate delegation switched from entirely Democratic to entirely Republican in a single election.
This election marked the first time Republicans controlled the Senate since 1986, and coincided with the first change of control in the House of Representatives since 1954 and a Republican net gain of twelve governorships. Collectively, these Republican gains are known as the Republican Revolution. Minority leader Robert J. Dole (R-Kan.) became Majority Leader, while on the Democratic side, Thomas A. Daschle (S.D.) became Minority Leader after the retirement of the previous Democratic leader, George J. Mitchell (D-Maine).
Initially, the balance was 52–48 in favor of the Republicans, but after the power change, Democrats Richard Shelby of Alabama and Ben Nighthorse Campbell of Colorado switched parties, bringing the balance to 54–46. Democrat Ron Wyden won a 1996 special election to replace Republican Bob Packwood of Oregon, leaving the balance at 53–47 before the next election cycle.
Three-term Democratic incumbent Dennis DeConcini retired after being a member of the Keating Five Scandal. Republican Congressman Jon Kyl defeated his Democratic opponent, fellow Congressman Sam Coppersmith by a comfortable margin.
Dianne Feinstein won a special election in 1992 to fill the seat of Governor Pete Wilson. She faced wealthy Republican Congressman Michael Huffington in her race for a full term. Feinstein emerged victorious by less than two points.
One of the Republicans' biggest prizes was the seat of retiring Majority Leader George Mitchell. Longtime Congresswoman Olympia Snowe gained the seat in a landslide victory over Democratic Congressman Thomas Andrews.
Ted Kennedy usually coasted to re-election, but in this election he faced an unusually tough challenge from Republican businessman Mitt Romney. Though the final result was a 17-point Kennedy victory, it marked the first time since his initial election in 1962 that Kennedy received less than 60% of the vote.
Democratic Senator Donald W. Riegle, Jr. retired after three terms. Former Michigan Republican Party Chairman Spencer Abraham defeated Democratic Congressman Milton Robert Carr in the race to succeed Riegle.
Senator Howard Metzenbaum retired and his son-in-law Joel Hyatt received the Democratic nomination to succeed him. Hyatt would go on to be badly defeated by Lieutenant Governor Mike DeWine.
The seat of Democrat David L. Boren opened up when he resigned to accept the Presidency of the University of Oklahoma. Republican Congressman Jim Inhofe defeated the Democratic nominee, Congressman Dave McCurdy.
Democrat Harris Wofford was appointed to the Senate when three-term Republican Senator H. John Heinz III died in a 1991 plane crash. He won a special election to hold that seat later that year. In his tough re-election against Republican Congressman Rick Santorum, the pro-choice Wofford lost the endorsement of pro-life Democratic Governor Robert Casey. This contributed to his loss to Santorum by two percentage points.
One of the biggest upsets of the night was the defeat of three-term incumbent Senator Jim Sasser. Sasser had been the influential Chairman of the Budget Committee and was among the leading candidates to replace Mitchell as Democratic Floor Leader. Sasser, however, would be defeated by prominent Nashville heart surgeon Bill Frist by a margin of 14 points.
Less surprising was the Republican victory in the other Tennessee Senate contest. Harlan Matthews had held the seat since Al Gore's resignation to assume the Vice Presidency in 1993, but chose not to seek the Democratic nomination in the special election. The Republican nominee, actor and attorney Fred Thompson, defeated six-term Democratic Congressman Jim Cooper in an overwhelming landslide.
Democrat Chuck Robb received over 70% of the vote when first elected in 1988, but struggled to win re-election. Furor over Robb's alleged affair with model Tai Collins provided plenty of momentum for the Republicans nominee, Iran-Contra figure Oliver North. A factor to Robb's advantage was the independent candidacy of attorney J. Marshall Coleman. North likely lost votes to Coleman especially when Virginia's other Senator, Republican John Warner, endorsed Coleman over North. Robb received 46% of the vote to North's 43% with Coleman garnering 11%.
All races are for the Class 1 seat, unless otherwise indicated.
United States elections, 1994
United States House of Representatives elections, 1994
103rd United States Congress
104th United States Congress
Statistics of the Congressional Election of November 8, 1994, Office of the Clerk U.S. House of Representatives
The Santa Fe Trail is a 1930 American Pre-Code western film, directed by Otto Brower and Edwin H. Knopf, released by Paramount Pictures, and starring Richard Arlen, Rosita Moreno, and Eugene Pallette.
Richard Arlen - Stan Hollister
Rosita Moreno - Maria Castinado
Eugene Pallette - Doc Brady
Mitzi Green - Emily
Junior Durkin - Old Timer
Hooper L. Atchley - Marc Coulard
Luis Alberni - Juan Castinado
Lee Shumway - Slaven
Chief Standing Bear - Chief Sutanek
Blue Cloud - Eagle Feather
Chief Yowlache - Brown Beaver
Jack Byron - Webber
The Santa Fe Trail at IMDB
Sfatul Ţării was a newspaper from the Republic of Moldova, founded in 1989. It was the newspaper of the Parliament of Moldova. Among the authors were: Val Butnaru, Iurie Bălan, Emilian Galaicu-Păun.
Igor Boţan, Mass-media de stat din Republica Moldova în campaniile electorale
List of Registered Historic Places in Jones County, Texas
This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Jones County, Texas. The locations of National Register properties and districts (at least for all showing latitude and longitude coordinates below) may be seen in a map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates".
This National Park Service list is complete through NPS recent listings posted July 29, 2016.
National Register of Historic Places listings in Texas
Chukwu is the supreme being of the Igbo religion. In the Igbo pantheon, Chukwu is the source of all other Igbo deities, and is responsible for assigning them their different tasks. The Igbo people believe that all things come from Chukwu, who brings the rains necessary for plants to grow and controls everything on earth and the spiritual world. They believe Chukwu to be an infinitely powerful, undefinable, supreme deity encompassing everything in space and space itself.
Linguistic studies suggest that the name "Chukwu" or "Chukouuee" is a portmanteau of the Igbo words "Chi" ("spiritual being") and "Ukwu" ("great in size").
According to the Igbo people from the south-eastern region of Nigeria, Chineke is the creator of the world and everything good in it along with rain, trees, and other plants. Chukwu is a supreme God represented by the sun. The ancient God is not humanized in Igbo tradition belief. Because the Igbo deities Amadioha and Ikenga are masculine, Chukwu is assumed to be male.
Many Igbo Christians refer to the Christian God as Chukwu as well. The Igbo believe it is impossible for humans to conceive of the unlimited power of Chukwu. Many Igbo dialects refer to God by names such as "Chukwu", "Chiokike", or "Obasi."
There are five aspects of Chukwu:
Chukwu - the first force and existence of all beings.
Anyanwu - symbolic meaning of the sun. The sun reveals everything so Chukwu is the source of knowledge and the author of all knowledge.
Agbala - the fertility of Earth, its people, and its spiritual world full of sub-deities.
Chi - a sub-deity functioning as a personal, spiritual guide.
Okike - creator of laws that govern the visible and invisible.
Igbo culture
Ibo loa
Leonard George William Boot (4 November 1899 – 23 November 1937) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Huddersfield Town, Fulham, Bradford City and Nottingham Forest. He made 15 appearances in all competitions for York City in the 1923–24 season. He was born in West Bromwich and died in that town at the age of 38 following a motorcycle accident.
For Bradford City, he made 7 appearances in the Football League.
99 Years & Counting - Stats & Stories - Huddersfield Town History
Jovan Ilić (Cyrillic: Јован Илић ) can refer to:
Jovan Ilić (1824—1901), Serbian writer and a politician
Jovan Ilić (bishop) (1884—1975), bishop of the Serbian Orthodox Church
Jovan Ilić (geographer) (1928—2009), Serbian geography professor
Ben A. Riehle was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Bunchard Anton Riehle was born on May 15, 1897 in Rietbrock, Wisconsin. During World War I, he served in the United States Army. He died on his farm in Athens, Wisconsin on November 27, 1967.
Riehle was a member of the Assembly from 1955 to 1968. Previously, he was a member of the Marathon County, Wisconsin Board from 1941 to 1942 and was an unsuccessful candidate for the Assembly in 1948.
The Choral Synagogue (Синагога (Смоленск)) was a former synagogue in Smolensk in Russia. Today the building is used as a vocational school. There are now in Smolensk two synagogues and five Chadarim.
There were the first Jews in Smolensk in the 15th century, when Prince Vitoft of Lithuania got Smolensk in 1404 and granted it the Magdeburg rights and other privileges. 1728 the Jewish businessmen have acquired the right to come in Smolensk on trading affairs. 4,600 Jews - 10% of the total population, were mentioned in Smolensk in the 19th century. Though Smolensk was not included into feature of settled way of life, in the 18th and 19th centuries the number of Jews in the city gradually increased and in 1896 had reached 4651 persons (about ten percent of the city's population).
Jews traded in wood, flax and grain and were engaged in financial activities. In the beginning of the 20th century in Smolensk there were two synagogues and five chadarim and a Jewish initial school created on the basis of the Talmud. The society of the help to the poor Jews was founded in 1898.
In 1910, the Jews of Smolensk were victims of a bloody pogrom; in city there were rabble-rousing conditions.
In the 1st World War in Smolensk there has arrived the big number of the Jews run or moved from a front strip, in particular, from Latvia.
After an establishment in Smolensk under the Soviet authority (November, 1917) a gradual liquidation of the Jewish establishments began. In 1922 the Choral synagogue was confiscated by the Soviet authorities.
The next years number of the Jewish population of city continued to grow and to 1926 has reached 12 887 person (16,2% of all population).
In 1929 to Smolensk from Gomel the Jewish pedagogical school worked under aegis Евсекции has been translated. 13,000 Jews - 8% of the total population were in Smolensk before the beginning of the war.
In days of fights for Smolensk many Jews were lost, the part ran from city. After final occupation of Smolensk nazis have created a ghetto in suburb Sadki and have driven there about two thousand the Jews remained in city and its vicinities. By December, 1941 all of them have been destroyed. According to population censuses, in 1959 in Smolensk there lived 3929 Jews, in 1970 - 3662, in 1979 - 3223, in 1989 - 2645. Synagogues in city during the post-war period were not. Number of the Jewish population of Smolensk area in 1959 has made 5991 person, in 1970 - 5316 person, in 1979 - 4451 person, in 1989 - 3536 person. Today the former Choral Synagogue is used as a Vocational School.
The Grist Mill Trail is a 5.0 mile long hiking and biking trail located in Patapsco Valley State Park in the Baltimore County side of the Patapsco Valley near Catonsville, Maryland. The paved pathway runs parallel to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to the north, and the Patapsco River to the south.
The original segment of the path connected the Lost Lake to the Patapsco Swinging Bridge in the Avalon area of the park. In 2006, the trail was expanded to Ilchester Road, where a second swinging bridge was built as a connection. All together, the Grist Mill Trail travels from River Road in Relay, Maryland to Ilchester Road/River Road in Ellicott City, Maryland.
Nicholas Daniloff (born December 30, 1934) is an American journalist who graduated from Harvard University and was most prominent in the 1980s for his reporting on the Soviet Union. He came to wider international attention on September 2, 1986, when he was arrested in Moscow by the KGB and accused of espionage.
The Reagan administration took the position that the Soviets had arrested Daniloff without cause, in retaliation for the arrest three days earlier of Gennadi Zakharov, an employee of the Soviet UN Mission. The Soviets initially contended that Daniloff had confidential government documents on him when he was arrested.
After intense discussion between the governments, on September 23 Daniloff was allowed to leave the Soviet Union without charges, Zakharov was allowed to leave the U.S. after pleading nolo contendere, and Soviet dissident Yuri Orlov was released to the West.
However, the diplomatic crisis did not end there. Expulsions of diplomats and suspected spies escalated to the point that by the end of October 1986, 100 Soviets, including a further 80 suspected Soviet intelligence agents, were expelled by the U.S. The Soviets expelled ten U.S. diplomats and withdrew all 260 of the Russian support staff working for the U.S. embassy in Moscow.
Daniloff later contended in his autobiography, Two Lives, One Russia, that he had never held classified documents, and that the KGB had created false information. Daniloff became an instructor at Northeastern University's School of Journalism, and in 1992 he was named director of the school.
Daniloff's grandfather, general Yuri Danilov, was a chief of operations of Russian Imperial Army general-headquarters during World War I.
Korean Air Lines Flight 007
Leland Mosley Hawes Jr. (June 18, 1929 – May 18, 2013) was an American newspaper reporter for the Tampa Tribune. He had a long tenure at the paper and was involved in various projects after leaving the paper, including serving on the committee that selected the first six historical figures to be immortalized in bronze busts along the Tampa Riverwalk. The Hillsborough County Bar Association awarded him with its Liberty Bell Award in 1989.
Hawes was born in Tampa on June 18, 1929. He graduated from Plant High School and the University of Florida. He began working at the Tampa Times in 1950 and joined the Tampa Tribune in 1952
His tenure at the Tribune included 20 years as writer and editor of the "History & Heritage" section of the Sunday edition. He collaborated on the production of a book of W. Paul Cook's stories. He was a long time hobbyist at amateur journalism since he was 12, the age in which he printed his own neighborhood newspaper. He also published two private journals as an adult.
The Tampa Bay History Center and the University of South Florida established the Leland Hawes Prize, a juried essay competition for graduate and undergraduate students in the humanities.
He conducted an interview with the University of Florida in 2002.
La Créole is an opéra comique in three acts of 1875 with music by Jacques Offenbach. The French libretto was by Albert Millaud, with additional material by Henri Meilhac. It was one of three full-length stage works written almost simultaneously that year, the others being La Boulangère a des écus and Le Voyage dans la lune.
La Créole was premiered at the Théâtre des Bouffes Parisiens, Salle Choiseul in Paris. The costumes were designed by Alfred Grévin. Although it ran for over sixty performances, it was rather coolly received due to its poor plot, and was not revived.
The work was also performed in German in Vienna and Berlin in 1876 (as Die Creolin), in Polish in Lemberg the same year, in London and Brussels in 1877, and in Spanish in Mexico in 1885. Adapted as The Commodore as a vehicle for Violet Cameron, the piece was seen in London and New York in 1886.
A revival at the Théâtre Marigny starring Josephine Baker in the title role was produced on 17 December 1934, with the libretto revamped by Albert Willemetz and some changes to the music.
More recently La Créole was revived from 13-18 January 2009 at the Atelier Lyrique de Tourcoing, conducted by Jean-Claude Malgoire, and from November 2013 to January 2014 at the Espace Pierre Cardin by the not-for-profit association Tréteaux Lyriques.
Although no complete recording is available, excerpts have appeared on the anthologies 'Offenbach au menu' and 'Entre Nous'.
1685, La Rochelle
Just about to set off on a new voyage, the sea-captain Adhémar de Feuilles-Mortes plans to arrange the marriage of his ward Antoinette to his nephew René. Unfortunately Antoinette is not in love with René; her love is René’s friend the young lawyer Frontignac. Equally, René, a musketeer travelling between one exploit and the next, is desperate to see again a Creole girl whom he met while he was on Guadeloupe. But in spite of this his uncle Adhémar insists. However the admiral summons the commander to sea, and no sooner is he out of port and sight – presumably for a couple of years – than Antoinette, in collusion with René, marries her sweetheart Frontignac.
Six months later, the commander returns from Guadeloupe with a new ward whom he intends for Frontignac. This new ward is Dora, the Creole whom René wanted to marry. So to avoid revealing the truth Antoinette and René pretend to be wed, while Frontignac pays court to the beautiful Creole. However, Frontignac allows himself to be caught in tête-à-tête with his wife, while René finally manages to convince Dora that she has not been deceived and he still loves her; she then swears her love for him. The commandant tries to join Frontignac and Dora but she refuses. Just then three canons sound, and a new order arrives for him to return to sea. He goes, taking all the young people with him, and all, including the notaries, set off.
On board the ship: the commandant has received a letter from René Duguay-Trouin which must only be opened at a certain point at sea. When the commandant has been lulled to sleep by a berceuse, the young people manage to get hold of the letter and only give it back to him when he agrees to allow René to wed Dora. With a new wedding contract signed, the situation ends to everyone’s satisfaction.
Twig is a children's fantasy novel written and illustrated by Elizabeth Orton Jones. It was originally published by Macmillan in 1942. The book was reissued in a 60th Anniversary Edition by Purple House Press in 2002.
The novel features Twig, an imaginative little city girl who turns a tomato can into a house for fairies. A little elf comes along to live in the house and, at Twig's request, turns her fairy-sized, though he cannot manage wings. A friendly sparrow fetches the Queen of the fairies to help.
The New York Times praised the book by saying, "Miss Jones, who knows children well, has told stories with warmth and simplicity." The Horn Book Guide's review of the anniversary edition described the book as "full of magic, full of fun, full of fantasy interwoven with reality, and full of the kind of tenderness which belongs most particularly to the very young."
The book was so popular at the time Elizabeth moved to the town of Mason, New Hampshire that Elizabeth herself was known as "Twig" to her neighbors; many residents did not know her as anything else.
Alvin Andrew Toles (born May 24, 1992) is an American professional baseball outfielder for the Los Angeles Dodgers of Major League Baseball (MLB).
Toles attended Sandy Creek High School in Tyrone, Georgia. After graduating, the Florida Marlins selected him in the fourth round of the 2010 Major League Baseball draft; he chose not to sign with the Marlins, and enrolled in University of Tennessee to play college baseball for the Tennessee Volunteers. He was dismissed by the Volunteers in 2011, his freshman year. Toles transferred to Chipola College. He was suspended from Chipola's baseball team in 2012.
The Tampa Bay Rays selected Toles in the third round of the 2012 Major League Baseball draft. He signed, receiving a $369,700 signing bonus. With the Princeton Rays of the Rookie-level Appalachian League in 2012, Toles hit .281 with a .327 on-base percentage, a .482 slugging percentage, 7 home runs, 33 RBI and 14 stolen bases in 51 games. Following the season, Baseball America named him the Best Athlete and the Fastest Baserunner in the organization. In 2013, he hit .326 with a .359 on-base percentage, a .466 slugging percentage, 2 home runs, 57 RBI, 62 stolen bases and 79 runs scored in 121 games for the Bowling Green Hot Rods of the Class A Midwest League. Toles led the Midwest League in batting average and hits and was named a Mid- and Post-Season All-Star, a Topps Class-A All-Star, a MiLB.com Organization All-Star, the Rays' Minor League Player of the Year. In 2014, he hit .265 with a .304 on-base percentage, a .341 slugging average, 24 stolen bases in 52 games between the Charlotte Stone Crabs of the Class A-Advanced Florida State League and Gulf Coast Rays of the Rookie-level Gulf Coast League.
Toles was released by the team prior to the 2015 season.
Toles signed with the Los Angeles Dodgers after the 2015 season. He began the 2016 season with the Rancho Cucamonga Quakes of the Class A-Advanced California League, and was promoted to the Tulsa Drillers of the Class AA Texas League and Oklahoma City Dodgers of the Class AAA Pacific Coast League during the season. The Dodgers called him up to the majors on July 8, 2016 and he made his debut as the starting center fielder that night against the San Diego Padres. Toles had one hit in four at bats in his debut, with a double in his first plate appearance, off of Andrew Cashner.
Toles is the son of Alvin Toles, who played in the National Football League.
Career statistics and player information from MLB, or Baseball-Reference, or Baseball-Reference (Minors)
The 1956 Minnesota Golden Gophers baseball team represented the University of Minnesota in the 1956 NCAA baseball season. The Golden Gophers played their home games at Delta Field. The team was coached by Dick Siebert in his 9th season at Minnesota.
The Golden Gophers won the College World Series, defeating the Arizona Wildcats in the championship game.
Jerry Kindall
All-America First Team
All-Big Ten First Team
Jack McCartan
Jerry Thomas
All-American First Team
College World Series Most Outstanding Player
Archibald "Archie" C. Black (May 17, 1883 – May 14, 1956) was a Canadian rower who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Ontario and died in Vancouver.
In 1924 he won the silver medal as crew member of the Canadian boat in the coxless fours event.
Peter Lisagor (August 5, 1915 – December 10, 1976) was Washington bureau chief of the Chicago Daily News from 1959 to 1976 and was one of the most respected and best-known journalists in the United States. Lisagor gained nationwide recognition from his syndicated column and appearances on such public-affairs broadcasts as Meet the Press, Face the Nation, Washington Week in Review, and Agronsky & Company.
Lisagor was born in Keystone, West Virginia and moved to Chicago at age 14, where he attended Marshall High School. He graduated from the University of Michigan with a bachelor's degree in political science.
Lisagor began his career in journalism in 1939 as a sportswriter for the Daily News. During World War II he was a sergeant in the Army, serving as a correspondent and London editor for the service newspaper, Stars and Stripes. He returned to the Daily News after the war.
In 1948 Lisagor was selected for a Nieman Fellowship at Harvard University. He was a recipient of the Newspaper Guild's Page One award, the George Foster Peabody Broadcasting award, the William Allen White award and the Edward Weintal Prize for diplomatic reporting. He served as president of the White House Correspondents Association, the Gridiron Club, the Overseas Writers Association, and the State Department Correspondents Association.
Lisagor died in 1976 of complications from cancer of the lung and larynx. He is interred at Arlington National Cemetery.
In 1977, the United States' largest chapter of the Society of Professional Journalists, the Chicago Headline Club, established the Peter Lisagor Awards "to inspire Chicago-area journalists to follow his outstanding example and to recognize truly superior contributions to journalism." The competition's categories range from in-depth reporting and public service to business, commentary and feature reporting.
How Wood railway station is in the village of How Wood, Hertfordshire, England. It is the fourth station on the Abbey Line, 4  1 ⁄ 2  miles (7.2 km) from Watford Junction. Like all the other stations on the branch (except Watford Junction), it is a simple unstaffed halt. It was opened by British Rail in October 1988 to coincide with the overhead electrification of the line.
There is a service every 45 minutes in either direction Monday to Saturday, with hourly service on Sundays. It takes 16 minutes to travel between Watford Junction and St Albans Abbey.
In November 2007 responsibility for the branch line, including How Wood, passed from Silverlink trains to Govia London Midland trains. Installation of Oyster Card readers on the stations along the branch is a possibility, although there are other ticketing options too.
Restoration of the crossing loop at Bricket Wood is being considered by the local authorities and Network Rail, which would facilitate trains running every 30 minutes.
Train times and station information for How Wood (Hertfordshire) railway station from National Rail
How Wood Station at abbeyline.org.uk
"Down In My Heart," sometimes titled "I've Got the Joy" is a popular Christian song often sung around the campfire and during scouting events. It is often included in Gospel music and A cappella concerts and songbooks. The song was written by George Willis Cooke (23 April 1848 - 30 April 1923). The date of authorship is as yet unknown. Cooke was born in Comstock, Michigan. He was a Unitarian minister, writer, and editor and is well known for his landmark history of the Unitarian movement in the 19th century. Though largely self-taught, he studied at Meadeville Theological School in 1872. He was ordained in June of that year, not having obtained a degree from the school. He served the parish ministry for 28 years, while writing and editing. He left the ministry in 1900 to pursue scholarship and lecturing. He authored more than 20 books on a wide range of subjects.
There are many possible lyrics. The most common opening lyric and chorus is as follows:
I've got the joy, joy, joy, joy
Down in my heart (Where?)
Down in my heart
Down in my heart to stay
And I'm so happy
So very happy
I have the love of Jesus in my heart (down in my heart)
I have the love of Jesus in my heart
Subsequent lyrics include:
I've got the peace that passes understanding down in my heart...
I've got the far out faith that freaks out the farmers down in my heart...
I've got the glorious hope of my blessed redeemer way down in the depths of my heart...
I've got the mighty Messiah that manifests miracles down in the depths of my heart...
I've got the beautiful blessing that baffles the Buddhists down in the depths of my heart...
I've got the Christian confession the confuses the Communists down in the depths of my heart...
I've got the far out feeling that freaks out the Pharisees down in the depths of my heart...
I've got the love of Jesus Christ my savior down in my heart...
I've got the wonderful love of my blessed redeemer way down in the depths of my heart...
And if the devil doesn't like it he can sit on a tack, ouch, sit on a tack, ouch, sit on a tack. And if the devil doesn't like it he can sit on a tack. Sit on a tack to stay.
I've got the brightest light in the depths of my heart...
I've got the infinite love of the living lord down in the depths of my heart...
I've got the love of Jesus, love of Jesus down in my heart...
I've got that opposition to conscription down in my heart...
Origin of the title of William Stafford's prose memoir of his WWII pacifist service, Down In My Heart.
NRBQ's version of the song is played in the final moments of FX's American television series "Wilfred". Though the context it's played in is not conducive to the songs original theme of Christianity, instead referring to the main characters coming to peace with his state of mind, it is possibly for this reason that only the chorus of the song is played.
This is the gospel song Granny (actress Irene Ryan) sings in an episode of the 1960s TV sitcom, "The Beverly Hillbillies."
Sung by The Simpsons characters Rod and Todd in episode 410 originally aired 3 December 1993.
Included by The Housemartins as one of the tracks on the London 0 Hull 4 Deluxe Edition album, from when lead singer Paul Heaton's lyrics reflected his Christian views at the time.
Used in Coca-Cola ad April, 2015.
In the 2014 Game LISA, the song is repeatedly sung by the character Buzzo when offering the in-game drug, Joy.
In 2016, VolksWagen used the song in a TV commercial aired during the UEFA Euro 2016.
I've Got the Joy lyrics (with guitar chords)
I've Got the Joy Joy Joy is often sung quickly resulting in Misheard Lyrics
The song, as sung by "Noelle & John" is available for free download in MP3 format
Not to be confused with Coburg railway station in Melbourne.
The Cobourg railway station in Cobourg, Ontario, Canada is served by Via Rail trains running from Toronto to Ottawa and Montreal. The station is staffed, with ticket sales, free outdoor parking, and a wheelchair lift for access to the station and trains.
On November 12, 2010, Via Rail unveiled a design for a new station building, to be built next to the existing station. The new building is estimated to cost $9 million CDN and would be wheelchair accessible, contain a new island/boarding platform to accommodate expanded track lines with an overhead footbridge.
Via Rail station page for Cobourg railway station
Las Merindades is a comarca located north of the province of Burgos, in the autonomous community of Castile and León. It is bounded on the north-west by the province of Cantabria, north-east by the province of Biscay, south by La Bureba, south-east by Ebro, south-west by Páramos, and on the east by the province of Álava.
Located in the north of the province of Burgos, the Merindades are the birthplace of the name "Castilla". Most of the villages of the Merindades were quoted in the "Becerro de Behetrias" at the moment of the creation of the subdivision Merindad by Pedro of Castile.
The comarca capital is Villarcayo, although the biggest town in the comarca is Medina de Pomar.
Province of Burgos
website of the Province of Burgos delegation
Mountains in the region
History of Merindades (Spanish)
Sir Peter Geoffrey Roberts, 3rd Baronet (23 June 1912 – 22 July 1985) was a British Conservative Party politician.
He was elected at the 1945 general election as Member of Parliament (MP) for Sheffield Ecclesall. When that constituency was abolished for the 1950 general election, he was elected for the newly created Sheffield Heeley constituency. He retired from Parliament at the 1966 election, when the seat was taken by Labour candidate Frank Hooley.
Sir Peter married Judith Hempson in 1939: they had a son and four daughters. Sir Peter was succeeded as Baronet by his son Samuel, married to Georgina Cory since 1977. Lady Roberts and Sir Samuel run the Cockley Cley Estate near Swaffham. Lady Roberts became the first woman Chairman of the Norfolk Country Landowners Association.
Leigh Rayment's list of baronets 
Leigh Rayment's Historical List of MPs 
Hansard 1803–2005: contributions in Parliament by Sir Peter Roberts
Pedro Angulo (died 1561) was a Spanish Dominican missionary in Guatemala, in the sixteenth century.
He was a native of Burgos in Spain, and came to America in 1524 as a soldier, but joined the Dominican order in 1529. He became a companion of Bartolomé de las Casas in Guatemala, Central America in general, and the Greater Antilles (Santo Domingo). He was made Provincial of the Dominicans for Chiapas and Bishop of Vera Paz, but died soon afterwards.
Angulo was one of the principal figures of the earliest Indian Missions in Southern Mexico and Guatemala, and more successful than Las Casas. He visited tribe after tribe, and lived and taught among them. He resorted to charts on which biblical subjects were allegorically represented. These he carried with him through the wilderness to use as illustrations for his discourses to the natives.
He was proficient in Nahuatl and Zutuhil, and wrote several tracts on religious subjects in the latter.
 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain:    The entry cites:
Documents concerning Las Cases, in the Documentos inéditos de Indias;
the writings of Las Casas himself;
REMESAL, Historia de la provincia de Guatemala y San Vicente de Chyapas (Madrid, 1619);
BRASSEUR DE BOURBOURG, Bibliothèque méxico-guatémalienne (Paris. 1871);
Ephraim George Squier, Monograph of Authors who have Written on the Languages of Central America (New York, 1861)
The County of Zutphen, located in modern-day Gelderland, a province of the Netherlands, was formed in the eleventh century as a fief of the Bishop of Utrecht. It was ruled by the Counts of Zutphen between 1018 and 1182, and then formed a personal union with Guelders. Later, it became one of the 4 quarters of Guelders. The name Graafschap (county) is still used for the Achterhoek, the region east of Zutphen, and for the football club De Graafschap from this region.
Zevenaar and some of its surroundings were, as being a part of the former Cleves Enclaves, a small district in the Duchy of Cleves.
LTE in unlicensed spectrum (LTE-U) is a proposal, originally developed by Qualcomm, for the use of the 4G LTE radio communications technology in unlicensed spectrum, such as the 5 GHz band used by dual-band Wi-Fi equipment. It would serve as an alternative to carrier-owned Wi-Fi hotspots.
LTE-U would allow cellphone carriers to boost coverage in their cellular networks, by using the unlicensed 5 GHz band already populated by Wi-Fi devices. T-Mobile and Verizon Wireless have indicated early interest in deploying such a system as soon as 2016. While cell providers ordinarily rely on the radio spectrum to which they have exclusive licenses, LTE-U would share space with Wi-Fi equipment already inhabiting that band – smartphones, laptops and tablets connecting to home broadband networks, free hotspots provided by businesses, and so on.
LTE-U is intended to let cell networks boost data speeds over short distances, without requiring the user to use a separate Wi-Fi network as they normally would. It differs from Wi-Fi calling; there remains a control channel using LTE, but all data (not just phone calls) flows over the unlicensed 5 GHz band, instead of the carrier's frequencies.
Ericsson uses the term License Assisted Access (LAA) to describe similar technology. LAA is the 3rd Generation Partnership Project's (3GPP) effort to standardize operation of LTE in the Wi-Fi bands. It uses a contention protocol known as listen-before-talk (LBT), mandated in some European countries, to coexist with other Wi-Fi devices on the same band. The 3GPP's final determination of LBT's requirements is still under standardization.
In 2014, the LTE-U Forum was created by Verizon, in conjunction with Alcatel-Lucent, Ericsson, Qualcomm, and Samsung as members. The forum collaborates and creates technical specifications for base stations and consumer devices passing LTE-U on the unlicensed 5 GHz band, as well as coexistence specs to handle traffic contention with existing Wi-Fi devices.
The proposed use of LTE-U by mobile phone network operators is the subject of controversy in the telecommunications industry. In June 2015, Google sent the Federal Communications Commission of the United States a 25-page protest, making an argument against LTE-U in highly technical detail. Since Google's study did not use actual LTE-U equipment in the tests, some industry experts have called its conclusions into question, with one commenter calling the study "utterly artificial and speculative" and "embarassing".
In August 2015, the Wi-Fi Alliance and National Cable & Telecommunications Association (NCTA) also voiced opposition to LTE-U approval before more testing can be done, citing concerns that it would severely degrade performance of other Wi-Fi devices. Also in August 2015, Qualcomm responded to the allegations made in Google's whitepaper in a detailed filing with the FCC. Qualcomm stated that it conducted tests that were "specifically designed to replicate (to the fullest extent possible) the test scenarios cited in Google’s FCC filing, in particular", and that they "collectively showed that LTE-U coexists very well with Wi-Fi when LTE-U is operating either above or below Wi-Fi’s Energy Detect ('ED') level." Qualcomm explained that the divergence in results was caused by the fact that "the testing the opposing parties conducted for LTE-U/Wi-Fi coexistence below the ED level utilized extremely pessimistic and impractical technical assumptions", whereas Qualcomm's tests were conducted "using a far more realistic setup", including actual LTE-U equipment (versus signal generators in Google's study).
In May 2016, the New York City Mayor's Office sent a letter to the FCC, 3GPP, Wi-Fi Aliiance, and IEEE, expressing concern over LTE-U interference with Wi-Fi, given the City's broad investment in the technology. These concerns were discussed at a public event.
In June 2016 the Wi-Fi Alliance announced its co-existence test plan would be ready in August. In FCC filings, Qualcomm, Verizon and T-Mobile said they plan to use this plan, some with the aim of full implementation before the end of 2016. However, in August 2016, Qualcomm demurred. “The latest version of the test plan released by the Wi-Fi Alliance lacks technical merit, is fundamentally biased against LTE-U, and rejects virtually all the input that Qualcomm provided for the last year, even on points that were not controversial,” said Dean Brenner, senior vice president of government affairs. Qualcomm asserts that the plan biased in favor of Wi-Fi, and also that the testing regimen is extended to cover not just LTE-U, but also LAA, despite it already being a 3GPP standard.
Mobile data offloading
White spaces (radio)
LTE-WLAN Aggregation, an alternative proposal that explicitly uses Wi-Fi access instead of competing with it for spectrum
Marsyas is a 150 meter-long, ten storey high sculpture designed by Anish Kapoor and Cecil Balmond. It was on show at Tate Modern gallery, London in 2003 and was commissioned as part of the Unilever Series. Marsyas is the third in a series of commissions for Tate Modern’s Turbine Hall and the first to make use of the entire space.
Anish Kapoor is renowned for his sculptural forms that permeate physical and psychological space. Cecil Balmond is a designer, artist, architect, engineer, and writer. He is also the recipient of the RIBA Charles Jencks Award for Theory in Practice.
Marsyas consists of three steel rings joined together by a single span of specially-designed red PVC membrane. The two rings are positioned vertically, at each end of the space, while a third is suspended parallel with the bridge. Wedged into place, the geometry generated by these three rigid steel structures determines the sculpture’s overall form, a shiftform vertical to horizontal and back to vertical again. Using digital form-finding techniques that simulate the forces found in biological forms – i.e. surface tension, uniform and hydrostatic pressure, the design was inspired by multiple parallel and diverging concepts and processes.
The sculpture's title refers to Marsyas, the satyr in Greek mythology, who was flayed alive by the god Apollo.
The Guardian called it “the biggest sculpture at Tate Modern and probably the biggest in any art gallery in the world.” 
Kapoor and Balmond have collaborated on other art projects. They jointly designed Temenos, ‘a gently twisted tube on a vast butterfly net’ which appeared in June, located in the UK’s Teesside. It is the first of five giant sculpture which will form in the biggest public art work in the world.
Balmond and Kapoor have also designed ArcelorMittal Orbit which will open for the Olympics 2012.
In 2003, the composition Lamentate (Homage to Anish Kapoor and his sculpture "Marsyas") for piano and orchestra by Estonian composer Arvo Pärt was premiered in the Tate Modern Turbine Hall.
Engineering Marsyas at Tate Modern
The Big Issue… by Julian Stallabrass
Judson may refer to:
Judson, Alberta
Mount Judson, Vancouver Island, British Columbia
Judson, Indiana, Howard County
Judson, Parke County, Indiana
North Judson, Indiana, Starke County
Judson, Minnesota, an unincorporated community
Judson Township, Blue Earth County, Minnesota
Judson, North Carolina (disambiguation), multiple locations
Judson, South Carolina, Greenville County
Judson, Texas, Gregg County
Judson, West Virginia, Summers County
Judson (name)
Burton–Judson Courts, dormitory at University of Chicago
Judson College (disambiguation), multiple schools
Judson High School, a public secondary school in Converse, Texas
Judson Independent School District, San Antonio, Texas
Judson School, former boarding school in Paradise Valley, Arizona
Judson University, Christian college in Elgin, Illinois; named after Adoniram Judson
Judson Dance Theater, a group of postmodern dancers who performed at the church in New York City
Judson Health Center, New York City
Judson Memorial Church, New York City
Judson Studios, Los Angeles
17844 Judson, 1998 named asteroid
Hudson (disambiguation)
Green Square may refer to:
Green Square, New South Wales, in Sydney, Australia
Martyrs' Square, Tripoli, in Libya, formally known as Green Square
Green Square, Mingora, in Swat District, Pakistan
Maoritomella albula is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae.
The height of the shell attains 9 mm, its width 3.7 mm. The smooth spire is acute The 7½ whorls are spirally grooved with the grooves finely transversely striated. There is also a central prominent spiral rib. The aperture is oblong. The siphonal canal is very short. The body whorl is as long as the spire. The color of the shell is ochraceous white. The apex and the columella are white. The angle of the spire is 30°. 
This marine species occurs off Tasmania and New Zealand.
Powell, A.W.B. 1979: New Zealand Mollusca: Marine, Land and Freshwater Shells, Collins, Auckland
Gastropods.com: Tomopleura (Maoritomella) albula
Bouchet P., Kantor Yu.I., Sysoev A. & Puillandre N. (2011) A new operational classification of the Conoidea. Journal of Molluscan Studies 77: 273-308
Combretum caffrum is the Eastern Cape South African Bushwillow tree.
In C. caffrum, combretastatins A-1, A-4 and B-1 can be found.
List of Southern African indigenous trees and woody lianes
Avitus (feminine Avita; lit. ancient, ancestral, inherited) was the nomen of a Roman gens, used also as a cognomen.
Among the most notable Aviti are:
Alphius Avitus, a poet of uncertain date (1st century BC to 1st century)
Lucius Hedius Rufus Lollianus Avitus, consul in 144; see Lollianus
Quintus Hedius Lollianus Plautius Avitus, consul in 209
Gaius Julius Avitus Alexianus (flourished 2nd century & 3rd century), brother-in-law of Roman Emperor Septimius Severus
Julia Avita Mamaea, mother of Roman Emperor Alexander Severus
Varius Avitus Bassianus, later Marcus Aurelius Antoninus Augustus, the emperor Elagabalus who reigned 218–222
Flavius Avitus Marinianus, consul in 423
Marcus Maecilius Flavius Eparchius Avitus, the emperor Avitus who reigned 455–456
Avitus of Vienne, a Gallo-Roman bishop and saint who died in the early 6th century
Milltown is an unincorporated community in Boone County, West Virginia.
Philip R. Goode is a Distinguished Professor of Physics at New Jersey Institute of Technology (NJIT).
Goode earned his AB from University of California, Berkeley and his PhD from Rutgers University.
Goode is the Director of the NJIT's Center for Solar-Terrestrial Research. He led a project to build the world’s most capable solar telescope at Big Bear Solar Observatory (BBSO) at Big Bear Lake. The new solar telescope (NST) is a 1.6 meter clear aperture, off-axis telescope featuring the world’s largest solar aperture.
Goode is a Fellow of the American Physical Society and the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS).
He is the winner of the first 'NJIT Excellence in Research Prize and Medal in 2008.
'New Jersey Institute of Technology : Experts Database - For the media - Philip R Goode'
Vasuki is a nagaraja, one of the King serpents of Hindu mythology and Buddhist mythology. He is a king of the nagas and has a gem called Nagamani on his head. Manasa, another naga, is his sister. Vasuki is Shiva's snake. He is known in Chinese and Japanese mythology as being one of the "eight Great Dragon Kings" (八大龍王 Hachi Ryuu-ou), amongst Nanda (Nagaraja), Upananda, Sagara (Shakara), Takshaka, Balavan, Anavatapta and Utpala.
Vasuki is famous for coiling around the neck of Shiva. Shiva blessed Vasuki and wore him as an ornament. The most famous legend in Hinduism in which Vasuki took part was the incident of Samudra manthan, the churning of the ocean of milk. In this legend, Vasuki allowed the devas (gods) and the asuras (demons) to bind him to Mount Mandara and use him as their churning rope to extract the ambrosia of immortality from the ocean of milk. Vasuki is also mentioned in other Hindu scriptures, such as in Ramayana and Mahabharata.
In Buddhist mythology, Vasuki and the other Naga Kings appear in the audience for many of the Gautama Buddha's sermons. The duties of the naga kings included leading the nagas in protecting and worshiping the Buddha, as well as in protecting other enlightened beings.
Vasuki's Naga priest is Tatig Naga.
Vasuka (or Vasuki) is the name of a small Nair and pedireddla clan found near Mannarasala in Travancore and also Visakha district in Andhra Pradesh. They claim that their ancestors were Nāga serpents spared when the Khandava Forest (modern day Delhi) was burnt and cleared by Krishna and the Pandavas to make way for their capital Indraprastha.
Snake worship
kuzuryu
Dragon King
Hindu mythology
Buddhist mythology
Cobra Pearl or Nagamani
Dictionary of Hindu Lore and Legend (ISBN 0-500-51088-1) by Anna L. Dallapiccola
Indian Mythology, by ApamNapat
Nagas
Stories from the Ramayana
Hachi Bushu - The Eight Legions, Buddhist Protectors
Dragon in China and Japan (ISBN 0-7661-5839-X) by M.W. De Visser
Ściegny [ˈɕt͡ɕeɡnɨ] (German: Steinseiffen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Podgórzyn, within Jelenia Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 13 km (8 mi) south of Jelenia Góra, and 97 km (60 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. After World War II the region was placed under Polish administration and ethnically cleansed according to the post-war Potsdam Agreement. The native German populace was expelled and replaced with Poles.
"Freedom" is a song written and recorded by Paul McCartney in response to the September 11 attacks in 2001. McCartney was in New York City at the time of the attacks and witnessed the event while sitting in a plane parked on the tarmac at New York's John F. Kennedy Airport.
The song was released in two versions: a single, billed as a studio version (recorded in Quad Studios, New York), and an on McCartney's album Driving Rain, single CD of Freedom was available during Super Bowl billed as a live version. Both versions feature Eric Clapton on lead guitar with McCartney's touring band. The live album version also featured studio overdubs from the sessions that produced the single CD version. Sir Paul McCartney wanted Americans to help their fellow citizens by buying "Freedom" and donated all proceeds to 9/11 victims. He also wrote anonymous cheques to several New York police officers to help them with medical recovery.
The song was featured at the Super Bowl XXXVI pregame show with a Statue of Liberty tapestry rising up in the background as a tribute to the victims of 9/11. McCartney performed the song frequently on his 2002 Driving USA Tour, with most of the proceeds from the Driving USA tour going to victims of 9/11. The song also appeared on the live album Back in the U.S.
All songs written and composed by Paul McCartney. 
Paul McCartney – vocals, acoustic guitar, bass guitar
Rusty Anderson – rhythm guitar
Eric Clapton – lead guitar
Abe Laboriel, Jr. – drums
Douglas Muir (1914–1966) was a British film and television actor.
Scrooge (1951)
Wings of Danger (1952)
The Sound Barrier (1952)
The Professionals (1960)
Out of the Shadow (1961)
The Pot Carriers (1962)
Some Like It Cool (1962)
Girl in the Headlines (1963)
The Double Man (1967)
Douglas Muir at the Internet Movie Database
Propaganda of Fascist Italy was the material put forth by Italian Fascism to justify its authority and programs and encourage popular support.
The Fascist regime made heavy use of propaganda, including pageantry and rhetoric, to inspire the nation into the unity that would obey.
At first, all propaganda efforts were lumped together under the press office; propaganda efforts were slowly organized until a Ministry of Popular Culture was created in 1937. A special propaganda ministry was created in 1935, with the avowed purpose of telling the truth about fascism, refuting the lies of its enemies, and clearing up ambiguities, which were only to be expected in so large and dynamic a movement.
Fascist doctrine was first set forth in The Manifesto of the Fasci of Combat, and further enumerated in The Doctrine of Fascism purportedly by Benito Mussolini, actually also written by Giovanni Gentile.
Fascism's internal contradictions were justified by Mussolini as a product of its nature: a doctrine of action, a revolt against the conformity and alienation of bourgeois society.
Il Duce was the center of Fascism and portrayed as such. The cult of the Duce was in many respects the unifying force of the fascist regime, acting as a common denominator of various political groups and social classes in the fascist party and the Italian society. This leadership cult helped reconcile Italians with the regime despite annoyance with local officials. A basic slogan proclaimed that Mussolini was always right (Italian: Il Duce ha sempre ragione).
Endless publicity revolved about him. Newspapers were instructed exactly what to report on him.
He was generally portrayed in a macho manner, although he could also appear as a Renaissance man, or as military, family, or even common. This reflected his presentation as a universal man, capable of all subjects; a light was left on his office long after he was asleep as part of propaganda to present him as an insomniac owing to his driven to work nature. Mussolini as a practitioner of various sports such as fencing, auto racing, skiing, horse riding, lion taming and swimming was promoted to create an image of a valiant and fearless hero. Mussolini's prestige as a hero aviator in the manner of Charles Lindbergh was especially important, as for fascism the aeroplane embodied qualities such as dynamism, energy and courage. Mussolini himself oversaw which photographs could appear, rejecting some, for instance, because he was not sufficiently prominent in a group.
Mussolini's youthfulness (when he took office, he became the youngest prime minister in Italian history), and his virile and energetic appearance were promoted. In fascist symbolism, youth constituted a metaphor for action and vitality, thus emphasizing fascism's nature as a revolutionary ideology in contrast to the stasis of liberal democracy. The official hymn of the fascist movement, Giovinezza, links the concepts of youth, the rebirth of the nation and the reign of Mussolini into symbolic unity. The publicizing of Mussolini's birthdays and illnesses were banned for journalists, to give an impression of him not aging. The erotic aspect of the cult was also prominent: although Mussolini was portrayed as a respectable family man, at the same time state propaganda did little to counter the idea that he had sexual magnetism to women and was promiscuous.
Legends of Mussolini defying death during the First World War and surviving assassination attempts were circulated to give the dictator a mythical, immortal aura. It was stated that Mussolini's body had been pierced by shrapnel just like Saint Sebastian had been pierced by arrows; the difference being that Mussolini had survived this ordeal. He was also compared to Saint Francis of Assisi, who had, like Mussolini, "suffered and sacrificed himself for others". Mussolini's humble origin was described with explicit parallels with the life of Christ: when writing about his blacksmith father and mother, fascist propaganda presented them symbolically as the Holy Family ("They are but Mary and Joseph in relation to Christ"). His home town of Predappio was developed as a place of mass tourism and symbolic pilgrimage. The Vatican implied that heavenly powers were aware that Mussolini had saved Italy from bolshevism and thus protected him. Pope Pius XI referred to him as "the man of Providence" during the aftermath of the Lateran treaty. The press described his speeches as sacramental meetings of Duce and people. Mussolini's melodramatic style of oratory was both pantomimic and liturgical, with exaggerated poses and hand movements and prominent variations in the pitch and tone of his voice. Mussolini intended his speeches to be faith-inspiring theatrical performances, stating that "the crowd does not have to know; it must believe".
In addition to being depicted as being chosen by God, the regime presented Mussolini himself having omnipotent or godlike characteristics, such as being able to work superhuman amounts (14–16 hours) daily and never appearing tired. Fascist newspapers implied even that Mussolini had performed miracles, such as stopping the lava flow of Mount Etna, and invoking rain in the drought-suffering Libya during his visit to the region in March 1937. A story of a deaf-mute boy being cured after listening in a crowd to a speech of the Duce was told in an elementary school manual.
His overtly belligerent image did not prevent newspapers from declaring he had done more for peace than anyone else, on the principle that Mussolini always did better than everyone else.
His image proclaimed that he had improved the Italian people morally, materially, and spiritually.
He was the Duce and proclaimed in song even before the seizure of power.
The war on Ethiopia was presented as a revival of Roman Empire, with Mussolini as Augustus.
To improve fascism's image in North Africa and Levant and to gain Arab support, Mussolini had himself declared the "Protector of Islam" during an official visit to Libya in 1937.
Fascism was among the most visible of movements that exulted action over talk and violence over reason, partly stemming from World War I. This was used to justify taking up notions and dropping them again.
Economic issues were presented in a heroic and militaristic manner, with programs being termed the Battle of Wheat and the Battle of the Lira.
Military matters were also straightforwardly praised, with the aim of primacy on land, sea, and air. Because war was to man what maternity was to woman, disarmament was impossible.
War and killing were praised as the essence of manhood. A Fascist encyclopedia proclaimed, "Nothing is ever won in history without bloodshed." This drew upon older themes, exulted in World War I, with injunctions that suffering was necessary for greatness. World War I was often cited in Fascist propaganda, with many prominent Fascists displaying many medals from the conflict. To such figures as Gabriele d'Annunzio, the return of peace meant only the return of the humdrum, while the ideal was still war, themes that Fascism drew into its propaganda. Mussolini, shortly before the seizure of power, proclaimed violence better than compromise and bargaining. Afterwards, there was a prolonged period where the absence of military action did not prevent the government from many belligerent statements. Interviews appearing in foreign press, where Mussolini spoke of wanting peace, had that portion censored out before appearing in Italian papers. The annexation of Albania was presented as a splendid act of aggression. In the run-up to World War II, Mussolini's claim he could field 8 million was quickly exaggerated to 9 million, and then to 12 million. The continually bellicose pose created an embarrassment with the outbreak of World War II, where failure to join the war would undermine the propaganda effect.
The Italians were called to be like Roman legionaries, while their opponents were depicted as weak and enthralled by money. Great Britain was denounced in particular, although both France and later the United States (when its sympathies were clearly turning toward the Allies) also came in for abuse.
Heroism was exaggerated. Fascist violence prior to their seizure of power was legitimized. The March on Rome was presented, mythically, as a bloody and heroic seizure of power.
Futurism was a useful part of the cultural scene, owing to its militaristic elements.
National and social unity was symbolized by the fasces themselves, the bound sticks being stronger together than individually. This drew on military themes from World War I, where Italians were called to pull together into a unity. Mussolini openly proclaimed that Fascists were willing to kill or die when it was a question of the fatherland as the March on Rome was prepared. Similarly, he declared that the State did not weaken the individual, any more than a soldier was weakened by the rest of the regiment.
This was part of an explicit rejection of liberal individualism; the punitive aspect of the fasces, containing an ax, not being omitted. Furthermore, Fascism was to be a totalitarian, that is total experience, since it was impossible to a Fascist only in politics, and therefore overtly rejected liberalism's private and public spheres. Fascism was not a party but a way of life. The corporatist state was offered as a unifying form of politics, as opposed to liberal democracy. Fascism and the state were identified, and everything was to be encompassed in the state.
Work was presented as a social duty, because Italy was greater than any individual purpose. Beehives were presented as a model of industry and harmony.
Furthermore, this unity would allow the entire nation to throw itself into support of military necessity. The sanctions imposed by the League of Nations when Italy attacked Ethiopia were used to unite the country against this "aggression."
Reviving the glories of the Roman Empire in modern Italy was a common theme. This called for the control of Mare Nostrum—our sea, as the Mediterranean was called in Rome. France, Britain, and other powers were denounced as having kept Italy immured. Concerted efforts were made to drum up enthusiasm for colonialism in the 1930s.
Besides its symbolic aspects, the fasces had been carried by the lictors of ancient Rome as a representation of authority. April 21, the anniversary of the founding of Rome, was proclaimed a fascist holiday, intended to replace the socialist Labor Day as a celebration of the Roman virtues of "work" and "discipline". Rome's role in establishing Christianity as a universal religion was also exalted.
Architecture was used to supplement the Roman revival by juxtaposing modern monuments with ancient buildings, such as the creation of the Via dell'Impero. In the city of Rome, archaeological -propagandist projects involving the clearing, isolation (often by deliberately destroying surrounding Medieval buildings) and restoration of key monuments such as the Ara Pacis and the Mausoleum of Augustus received strong support from the fascist regime. A major propaganda event was the opening of the "Augustan Exhibition of Romanitas" on 23 September 1937 to celebrate the two-thousandth anniversary of the birth of Augustus. Here the symbolic connection between Caesarean leadership of Augustus and Mussolini's dictatorship was stressed. At the exhibition entrance was inscribed a quote from Mussolini: "Italians, you must ensure that the glories of the past are surpassed by the triumphs of the future." Rome thus constituted a point of reference in fascism's dream of building an aggressive and forward-looking Italy of the future. After the successful military campaign against Ethiopia and the subsequent proclamation of the Italian Empire, regime propaganda depicted fascism now even overshadowing its Roman past.
Spazio vitale, living space (or vital space), was presented as needing conquest. It would strengthen the country by drawing off its surplus population, sending landless peasants and the unemployed to work the earth, buy Italian goods, and act as a garrison. Millions of Italians could live in Ethiopia, and exaggerated claims were made of its resources.
This would amend the situation after World War I, where Italy's allies had cheated it of expansion into the former Austro-Hungarian and Ottoman empires, which its sacrifices in the war had entitled it to.
Even while arguing the population had to be drained off, propaganda urged greater fertility, deriding men who failed to produce children and women whose Parisian fashions did not fit them for bearing children. Slogans urged maternity as the female form of patriotism. Mussolini instructed the heads of fascist women's organizations to go home and tell the women that they needed many births. To help the "battle of births", assistance had to be given to mothers and newborns, and the founding of an organization to do so was trumpeted. Contraception was decried as producing medical problems.
Mussolini also called for a more rural Italy to increase births.
The "battles" to reclaim land and increase grain production, Mussolini trumpeted, had produced enough that Italy could hold ten million more.
Fascist rhetoric portrayed the attack on Ethiopia as advancing the cause of civilization. Other European nations were called on to stand with Italy against savage cannibals and slave-holders.
This was backed up with one of their most impressive ceremonies, the Gold for the Fatherland initiative, which involved the donation of wedding rings and other forms of gold by Italian citizens in exchange for steel wristbands bearing the words "Gold for the Fatherland". Many Italians participated, and even Rachele Mussolini was known to have donated her wedding ring. The donated gold was then collected and used to fund the war effort.
During the war, propaganda was spread about exaggerated Ethiopian atrocities, both abuse of prisoners and misuse of the Red Cross symbol on military installations.
A series of calculated lies was propagated to win support for the Ethiopian venture by claiming that Italy was self-sufficient in food and enough oil had been stock-piled.
Socialism was resisted, particularly in its internationalist forms. Socialist forces were denounced as a "Russian army." An editorialist, afraid that Fascist violence would repulse women, warned them that the killings were necessary to save Italy from the "Bolshevist beast."
In his first speech as a deputy, he proclaimed that no dealings were possible between Communism and Fascism, even while he proclaimed his willingness to work with other groups.
The Spanish Civil War was presented as a crusade against Communism.
The influx of foreign culture was attacked. "Americanism" was the object of an organized propaganda campaign that attacked as a "grease stain which is spreading through the whole of European life." French and Russian novels, and H. G. Wells's Outline of History were also attacked as contaminating youth. British literature was used to show them as decadent as the French, their low birth rate was decried, and it was proclaimed that Italy had saved Britain and France in World War I.
Italianization of street names and monuments in linguistically Slavic and German regions of Italy was mandated by legislation, while teachers instructing in languages other than Italian were persecuted (See Katakombenschule). In 1926, new legislation was introduced decreeing the Italianization of Slavic surnames. Sports clubs were likewise forced to Italianize their names: A.C. Milan became Milano and Internazionale was renamed Ambrosiana, after the patron saint of Milan.
Democracy and liberalism were pronounced moribund, citing praise that fascism received everywhere, and the workers of North America wished they had a Mussolini. He demonstrated the inherent superiority of autocratic regimes to democracies, by fixing problems that liberalism had no answer to. In 1934, Mussolini declared both democracy and liberalism dead. Bourgeois culture and morality were seen as integral parts of liberalism and were thus attacked. The bourgeoisie supposedly valued utilitarianism, materialism, well-being and maintaining the status quo instead of the fascist virtues of dynamism, courage, discipline and self-sacrifice. An anti-bourgeois exhibition was opened on 29 November 1937. It denounced "typical aspects of bourgeois mentality" and ridiculed gestures and customs such as handshakes, suits, top hats and afternoon tea, all to which fascism was to provide its own replacements, such as the Roman salute. Even the Gregorian calendar was deemed as being bourgeois - in the era fascista the year was to begin on October 29, the day after the anniversary of the March on Rome, and the years were to be counted from 1922 according to a Roman numeral.
The Nazi rise to power was used as Germany's imitating Italy, which would soon be followed by other nations.
The attack on Ethiopia was framed as Italy's vigor and idealism easily crushing the decadent, bloodless, cowardly democracies, especially as they supported barbarians over the mother of civilizations.
The United States was particularly resented for its wealth and position.
Joining World War II was presented as a war on decadent plutocracies. These powers were also claimed to have prevented Italian imperialism. Mussolini began to decry the oppression Italy suffered as early as the peace negotiations of World War I and the first days of Fascism as a movement.
Authorities were allowed to confiscate newspapers on the grounds they published false information likely to incite class hatred or bring the government into contempt. Meanwhile, pro-Fascist journals were subsidized, and by 1926, government permission was needed to publish.
Slogans were widely used, inscribed on walls.
Many of Italy's leading graphic artists produced Fascist posters.
To counter British pamphlets that proclaimed bombs the curse of Garibaldi, posters proclaimed that a British defeat meant worse than bombs, barbarism, would befall them. Americans were depicted as ready to plunder Italy's treasures.
The Exhibition of the Fascist Revolution was devised as propaganda to recount Italian history to the March on Rome to engage the visitors with Fascist Italy emotionally.
Two major marches were devised as propaganda: the March on Rome, where Mussolini demanded power, and the March of the Iron Will, to capture the Ethiopian capital. The notion of a "march on Rome" as a concept to inspire heroism and sacrifice, and the Fascists made full use of the notion.
Songs were widely used for propaganda purposes. Even prior to the seizure of power, Mussolini was praised in song. Its anthem was Giovinezza ("Youth").
With the spread of ownership of radio units during the Fascist regime, radio became the major tool for propagandizing the population. It was used to broadcast Mussolini's open-air speeches, and as an instrument for propagandizing youth. American author Ezra Pound broadcast on short-wave radio to propagandize the United States.
Film was not widely used for propaganda, as the Italian public was not interested in the "serious" films the government produced, but censorship was heavily used to avoid unwanted material, and a governmental body was set up to produce documentaries on Fascist achievements.
Curriculums for schools were immediately overhauled for Fascist purposes, in a manner that Nazis later admitted to imitating, so that elementary schools were soon spending twenty percent of their time teaching children to be good Fascists. Teachers were removed if they did not conform, and textbooks were required to emphasize the "Fascist soul."
Young Fascists and University Fascist Groups existed to channel talent to the Fascist Party, and for several years were the party's only source of new members. Students soon learned they had to join the university groups to advance. Mussolini proclaimed their purpose was to inspire the youth for power and conquests, and as Fascist.
Up to the age of fourteen, the groups were mainly sports for physical fitness, but at fourteen, militaristic drills were added. They were given songs and commandments to mold their views. Everything from cultural institutes to camps was deployed to consolidate activities about fascism.
Nazi propaganda
Japanese propaganda during World War II
American propaganda during World War II
British propaganda during World War II
Propaganda in the Soviet Union
George Frederick "Tic" Garbutt (June 18, 1903 – September 21, 1967) was a Canadian ice hockey player who competed in the 1932 Winter Olympics.
In 1932 he was a member of the Winnipeg Hockey Club, the Canadian team which won the gold medal. He played one match and scored one goal. He is buried in Brookside Cemetery in Winnipeg.
Charles Brunier (31 May 1901 – 26 January 2007) was a French convicted murderer and veteran of both the First and Second World Wars who claimed, in 2005, to have been the inspiration for Papillon. Circumstantial evidence, including his butterfly tattoo and his having been on Devil's Island at the time, supported the claim.
Born in Paris, Brunier served in Syria in 1918 and was wounded in action, also receiving the Croix de Guerre for saving a lieutenant's life. However, in 1923, he was accused of murder and armed robbery, and later convicted; as a result his military medals were revoked, and he was not on the official list of French World War I veterans, although he did serve.
Brunier was sent to the penal colony off the coast of French Guiana. After the outbreak of World War II he escaped to Mexico and joined the Free French Forces as a fighter pilot, serving in the Battle of the Caribbean for two years before transferring to the infantry under Philippe Leclerc de Hauteclocque, and also in Africa (where Charles de Gaulle personally decorated him) and Italy. He was imprisoned again after the war, but released in 1948 in recognition of his services.
In 1992 Brunier moved into an old people's home in the suburbs of Paris, where he lived until his death in 2007 at the age of 105.
Henri Charrière (the author of Papillon)
Fazil is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by Howard Hawks and written by Philip Klein and Seton I. Miller. The film stars Charles Farrell, Greta Nissen, John Boles, Mae Busch, Tyler Brooke and John T. Murray. The film was released on June 4, 1928, by Fox Film Corporation.
Charles Farrell as Prince Fazil
Greta Nissen as Fabienne
John Boles as John Clavering
Mae Busch as Helen Dubreuze
Tyler Brooke as Jacques Dubreuze
John T. Murray as Gondolier
Vadim Uraneff as Ahmed
Josephine Borio as Aicha
Eddie Sturgis as Rice
Erville Alderson as Iman Idris
Dale Fuller as Zouroya
Hank Mann as Ali
Fazil at the Internet Movie Database
Hopkinton is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, less than 30 miles (48 km) west of Boston. The town is best known as the starting point of the Boston Marathon, held annually on Patriots' Day in April, and as the home of computer storage firm EMC Corporation. At the 2010 census, the town had a population of 14,925. The US Census recognizes a village within the town known as Woodville, reporting a population of 2,550.
The town of Hopkinton was incorporated on December 13, 1715. Hopkinton was named for an early colonist of Connecticut, Edward Hopkins, who left a large sum of money to be invested in land in New England, the proceeds of which were to be used for the benefit of Harvard University. The trustees of Harvard purchased land from the Native American residents with money from the fund and incorporated the area, naming it in honor of its benefactor. During King George's War, natives raided the town, taking captives to Quebec.
Grain was the first production crop grown in the area, while fruit and dairy industries were developed later. Agriculture predominated until 1840 when the boot and shoe industries were introduced into the town. By 1850 eleven boot and shoe factories were established in Hopkinton. Fires in 1882 and the migration of those industries to other parts of the country eliminated these industries from Hopkinton.
There are 215 Hopkinton properties listed in the State Register of Historic Places. The majority, 187, are located within the Cedar Swamp Archaeological District in Hopkinton and Westborough. The properties are also listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
Twenty-three properties are included within the Hopkinton Center Historic District, a local historic district which comprises properties around the Town Common, on East Main St. and the south side of Main St. The district was expanded in 2000 to include the Town Hall and in 2001 to include Center School. The Hopkinton Supply Company Building on Main St., located slightly west of the district, is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. Former factory worker housing in the center of town, contrasted against the more rural areas surrounding it, are visual reminders of Hopkinton’s past.
In 2005 the town established a second historic district in the village of Woodville. Ninety-seven properties are included within this district. The village of Woodville has retained its distinctive village atmosphere and strong architectural connection to Hopkinton’s industrial development and growth from the mid-to-late 19th century. The area was an early cotton clothmaking center and the site of a major shoe factory. When Boston seized Lake Whitehall for its water supply in 1894, the factories along its shores were closed or moved to other sites, as they were considered sources of pollution. Remaining factories and other buildings were destroyed in a fire in 1909. In the 18th century, it was an agricultural area with a few farms scattered north of the much smaller Lake Whitehall and its accompanying cedar swamp, and was the site of a grist mill on Whitehall Brook as early as 1714.
Within or near the Miscoe-Warren-Whitehall Watersheds ACEC (Area of Critical Environmental Concern), remains of large pits have been found. The pits were lined with bark by the Native Americans and used to store corn over the winter months.
At one time, it was believed that the waters flowing from the large swamp south of Pond St., under Pond St. and into Lake Whitehall contained magical healing powers. As a result, the area quickly was built up as a resort area. Visitors came by stagecoach to the Hopkinton Hotel, which was located between Pond St. and the lake. The mineral baths and their powers lured the visitors to the area. The baths can still be viewed by the edge of the stream that drains from the swamp. Within the ACEC area are also two beehive shaped stone structures, about 6 feet (1.8 m) tall. Their origin and use are unknown.
Hopkinton gains national attention once a year in April as it hosts the start of the Boston Marathon, a role the town has enjoyed since 1924. The town takes pride in its hospitality as runners from all over the world gather in Hopkinton to begin the 26.2-mile (42.2 km) run to Boston.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of 28.2 square miles (73.0 km 2 ), of which 26.6 square miles (68.9 km 2 ) is land and 1.6 square miles (4.1 km 2 ), or 5.82%, is water.
Hopkinton is 17 miles (27 km) east of Worcester, 26 miles (42 km) west of Boston, and 195 miles (314 km) from New York City.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the census-designated place for the village has a total area of 1.5 square miles (4.0 km 2 ), of which 1.5 square miles (4.0 km 2 ) is land and 0.22% is water.
Hopkinton is located in eastern Massachusetts, bordered by six towns:
The climate in Hopkinton tends to be quite warm during the summer, with daily high temperatures averaging in the 80s. Temperatures in the 90s are also known to occur between June and August as high-pressure air masses push in from the south. Winters are typical of a Northeastern coastal climate, being considerably colder than the southern states, but not as cold as the Upper Midwest/Plains. Daily high temperatures from late December to March tend to be in the 30s increasing gradually to 40s, with some days dipping considerably lower or even higher. Nightly low temperatures are proportionately cooler.
The warmest month of the year is July with an average minimum and maximum temperature of 65 °F (18 °C) and 84 °F (29 °C) respectively. The coldest month of the year is January with an average minimum and maximum temperature of 16 and 35 °F (−9 and 2 °C) respectively.
Temperature variations between night and day tend to be fairly limited during summer with a difference that can reach 18 °F (10 °C), and fairly limited during winter with an average difference of 16 °F (8.9 °C).
The annual average precipitation at Hopkinton is 51.25 inches (1,302 mm). Rainfall in is fairly evenly distributed throughout the year. The wettest month of the year is November with an average rainfall of 4.69 inches (119 mm).
As of the census of 2010, there were 14,925 people, 4,957 households, and 3,978 families residing in the town. The population density was 568.4 inhabitants per square mile (219.5/km 2 ). There were 5,128 housing units at an average density of 195.3 per square mile (75.4/km 2 ). The racial makeup of the town was 93.1% White, 0.8% Black or African American, 0.1% Native American, 4.4% Asian, 0.4% from other races, and 1.2% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.8% of the population.
There were 4,957 households out of which 48.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.5% were married couples living together, 6.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.7% were non-families. 16.0% of all households were made up of individuals and 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.99 and the average family size was 3.38.
Population was well-distributed by age, with 33.6% under the age of 20, 3.4% from 20 to 24, 22.0% from 25 to 44, 33.0% from 45 to 64, and 7.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40.3 years. For every 100 females there were 96.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.4 males.
As of 2000, the median income for a household in the town was $89,281, and the median income for a family was $102,550. Males had a median income of $71,207 versus $42,360 for females. The per capita income for the town was $41,469. About 1.3% of families and 1.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 1.4% of those under age 18 and 3.4% of those age 65 or over.
As of the census of 2000, there were 2,628 people, 1,003 households, and 672 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 611.3/km² (1,584.3/mi²). There were 1,024 housing units at an average density of 238.2/km² (617.3/mi²). The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.18% White, 0.34% Black or African American, 0.15% Native American, 0.91% Asian, 0.08% Pacific Islander, 0.68% from other races, and 0.65% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.05% of the population.
There were 1,003 households out of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were married couples living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.0% were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals and 14.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.17.
In the CDP the population was spread out with 26.5% under the age of 18, 4.3% from 18 to 24, 32.0% from 25 to 44, 20.5% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 85.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.3 males.
The median income for a household in the CDP was $52,250, and the median income for a family was $68,050. Males had a median income of $48,050 versus $37,862 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $23,878. About 2.9% of families and 3.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 5.1% of those under age 18 and 4.0% of those age 65 or over.
Since its incorporation in 1715, Hopkinton has retained its original Open Town Meeting form of government. The town's day-to-day affairs had been directly overseen by an elected Board of Selectmen until 2007, when the Town's Charter Commission created a Town Manager position with more discretion, although the Town Manager still reports to the Selectmen.
Begins on the first Monday in May and continues on consecutive evenings until the entire warrant is voted on.
The Town Meeting Warrant is a document composed of the articles to be voted on. Any elected or appointed board, committee, or town officer or ten petitioning voters may request that an article be included on the warrant. Each article to be voted on is directed by the Board of Selectmen to an appropriate board or committee to hear and provide the original motion at Town Meeting. All articles which require expending of funds are directed to the Finance Committee; articles dealing with planning and zoning to the Planning Board; articles relating to by-laws to the By-Law Committee, and so forth.
Held on the third Monday in May. Polls are open 7:00am–8:00pm. All Hopkinton precincts vote at the Hopkinton Middle School (88 Hayden Rowe St).
Massachusetts has 14 counties which were regional administrative districts before the Revolutionary War. In 1997, the county governments of Middlesex, Berkshire, Essex, Hampden and Worcester were abolished. Many of their functions were turned over to state agencies.
Its county seats are Cambridge and Lowell.
The Hopkinton Public Library was founded in 1867. It has been located in the heart of downtown, just steps away from the Town Common, since 1895. Until 1955, bequests were the only source of funding for the library. Since that time, the town government has been appropriating public funds for employee salaries, cost of cleaning the Library, utilities and assistance with the purchase of books. The library is now funded through various sources that include the Town Government, The McGovern Trust Fund, Annual State Aid and Friends of the Library.
The town library was established by the Young Men's Christian Association in 1867. Seven members served as the Trustees, incorporated the Library and adopted by-laws for the government of the Library in 1890. The current building was built in 1895 with contributions from local and former residents of Hopkinton. The second floor was used as a lecture hall and was remodeled later as a children’s room. A gallery was built to connect the Library building with the adjacent Episcopal Church after extensive renovation in 1967. This new section was named after the head librarian at the time, Mrs. Betty Strong. A special feature of the reading room is a stain glass window with a motif of water fountain bubbling water flowing over an open book and the inscription on the page reads "The fountain of wisdom flows through books.” The large hall clock that still stands near the circulation desk was presented to the Library by Mrs. F.V. Thompson and Mr. Abram Crooks.
The library was transferred to the town government in May 2010. Five members were appointed as the Library Trustees. Starting from May 2011, election will be held for the members of the Library Board of Trustees during the Annual Town Meeting.
In January 2016, the library moved to a temporary location at 65 South Street while the historic building on Main Street undergoes a major renovation and expansion.
The Town of Hopkinton has a public school system which serves students from pre-kindergarten through twelfth grade. The Hopkinton Public Schools maintains a district website with a subpage for each Hopkinton school. Kindergarten students and first-graders attend the Center School, located on Ash Street. Grades 2 and 3 attend Elmwood School. Grades 4 and 5 attend Hopkins School. Grades 6 through 8 attend Hopkinton Middle School. Grades 9 through 12 attend Hopkinton High School. The town also has an integrated preschool currently located in the Elmwood School building.
Hopkinton offered a fee-based full-day kindergarten option for the first time during the 2010-11 school year via a lottery system. Free full-day Kindergarten was made available to all Kindergarten students starting in the 2014-15 school year. Hopkinton Public Schools does not offer any foreign language education before Grade 7.
Since residents approved the Center School Feasibility Study in May 2008, Hopkinton had been involved in an Elementary School Building Project with the Massachusetts School Building Authority. The solution approved unanimously by the Hopkinton Elementary School Building Committee and the MSBA was to build a new K-5 Elementary School on the town-owned Fruit Street property and then decommission the aging Center School. Residents voted down the new school at the March 21, 2011 Special Town Meeting and again at a Special Town Election on March 28, 2011.
In May 2013 voters approved funding a new Center School Feasibility Study. The solution proposed by the new Elementary School Building Committee was to build a new Preschool, Kindergarten and Grade 1 School at 135 Hayden Rowe Street (Route 85), on property newly purchased by the town for this purpose. This proposal was approved by voters at a November 2015 Special Town Meeting. The new school is expected to open in fall 2018. It will be located near the Hopkins School, Middle School and High School, on the same two-lane road, Route 85, which is the main north-south road in Hopkinton.
Hopkinton High's school mascot is the Hiller "H", as the sports teams are known as the Hopkinton Hillers. Previously the teams were known as the Hopkinton Stonethrowers. The school primary colors are green and white, with orange as a secondary color.
Hopkinton is the corporate headquarters of EMC Corporation, a global manufacturer of software and systems for information management and storage. It is the state's largest technology company, which employs 6,800 people in Massachusetts. EMC, in addition to providing $1 million in annual real estate tax revenues, is a major contributor to the town's schools and recreational services.
Hopkinton is situated 26 miles (42 km) west of Boston in the MetroWest region of Massachusetts. Interstate Route 495 divides the town into east and west zones, which are connected by numerous spokes providing direct access to the airport and other communities in the Greater Boston Metropolitan Area.
Hopkinton is served by two interstate highways and two state highways. Interstates 90 (the Massachusetts Turnpike) and 495, form an interchange on the northern border of Hopkinton and neighboring Westborough. Proximity to Route 9 (The Boston/Worcester Turnpike) and Route 30 in Westborough, gives additional access to east/west destinations.
Principal highways are:
Interstate 90 (Massachusetts Turnpike) (east/west) (the longest interstate highway in the United States)
Interstate 495 (north/south)
State Route 135 (east/west)
State Route 85 (north/south)
 Interstate 495 in Westborough, Massachusetts
 Interstate 95 in Weston, Massachusetts
There is no passenger or freight rail service in Hopkinton.
Hopkinton is served by the Southborough MBTA Station, located on the border of Hopkinton and Southborough on Route 85 at Southville Road. MBTA commuter rail service is available to South Station and Back Bay Station, Boston, via the MBTA Framingham-Worcester Commuter Rail Line which connects South Station in Boston and Union Station in Worcester. Travel time to Back Bay is about 50 minutes.
Originally called the Framingham Commuter Rail Line, Framingham was the end of the line until rail traffic was expanded to Worcester in 1996. The line also serves the communities of Newton, Wellesley, Natick, Ashland, Southborough, Westborough and Grafton.
Direct rail service to Boston, to New York, and to many other points on the Amtrak network (National Railroad Passenger Corporation) is available through nearby Framingham.
CSX Transportation provides freight rail service and operates an auto transloading facility in nearby Framingham.
Hopkinton is a Member Community of the MetroWest Regional Transit Authority, which provides local bus service to several towns in the MetroWest area, with service to the MBTA commuter rail station at Framingham.
Big W Transportation provides service to Framingham.
Peter Pan Bus Lines provides service to Worcester and Boston from Framingham.
Boston's Logan International Airport is easily accessible from nearby Framingham. MassPort provides public transportation to all airport terminals from Framingham via the Logan Express bus service seven days per week. The bus terminal and paid parking facility are located on the Shoppers' World Mall property, off the Massachusetts Turnpike Exit 13, between Route 9 and Route 30, at the intersections of East Road and the Burr Street connector.
The Worcester Municipal Airport, a Primary Commercial (PR) facility with scheduled passenger service, is easily accessible. It has two asphalt runways 5,500 and 6,900 ft (1,700 and 2,100 m) long. Instrument approaches available include precision and non-precision.
Park and ride services:
MassDOT operates a free park and ride facility at the parking lot at the intersection of Flutie Pass and East Road on the south side of Shoppers' World Mall.
MassDOT also operates a free park and ride facility at a parking lot adjacent to exit 12 of the Massachusetts Turnpike, across from California Avenue on the west side of Framingham.
Hopkinton has two local newspapers: The Hopkinton Independent and The Hopkinton Crier, and three online news outlets, HCAM, Hopkinton Patch and HopNews. The town is also served by The Boston Globe, The MetroWest Daily News, and the Telegram & Gazette.
Hopkinton has a PEG television network known as HCAM, which controls two channels. Many HCAM shows can be viewed directly on their website.
HCAM-TV is the most-received of HCAM's channels, available in every household with cable television in the area. It can be found on Comcast channel 8 and Verizon channel 30. The channel's daily schedule consists mostly of programming aimed at a family audience. Along with series and informative programming, HCAM-TV broadcasts the filming of one-time events (such as performances on the Hopkinton Common and films by the Hopkinton Center for the Arts).
HCAM-ED, sister channel to HCAM-TV, is received by less households and has lower programming standards than HCAM-TV. It is found on Comcast channel 96 and Verizon channel 31. The HCAM website also includes news articles and photos, updated daily.
Hopkinton State Park, part of the Massachusetts State Park system is located on Route 85 (Cordaville Road).
Whitehall State Park is located on Route 135/Wood Street in Hopkinton.
June 2014 - Hopkinton made the 'SafeWise 50 Safest Cities in Massachusetts' 
2013 National Citizen Survey results conducted by the National Research Center 
2012 - Hopkinton ranked 4th in the Central MA's Best Communities 2012 round-up 
2009 - Money magazine ranks Hopkinton 19th best place to live 
Start of the Boston Marathon - Starting in 1924, when the Boston Athletic Association moved the starting line from Ashland, Hopkinton has garnered worldwide attention.
 Marathon, Greece
Community Covenant Church
Faith Community Church of Hopkinton
Islamic Masumeen Center
Korean Presbyterian Church
St John the Evangelist
St Paul's Episcopal Church
Vineyard Church of Hopkinton
Woodville Baptist Church
John Eliot (1604–1690) Puritan missionary to the American Indians whom some called “the apostle to the Indians.
Agnes Surriage Frankland, (1726-1783), wife of Sir Charles Henry ("Harry") Frankland, a British baronet
Charles Morris (1731-1802), surveyor
Daniel Shays (1747–1825), leader of Shays' Rebellion Street in Hopkinton named after him off Saddle hill road
William Chamberlain (1755–1828), United States Representative from Vermont
William Claflin (1818–1905), industrialist, philanthropist, 27th Governor of Massachusetts, United States Representative from 1877–1881
Joseph H. Walker (1829-1907), United States Representative and Shoemaker
William H. Ryan (1860-1939), US Congressman
George V. Brown (1880–1937), sports organizer in United States, 30-year starter of Boston marathon, and Hockey Hall of Fame inductee
Frank Merrill (1903–1955), World War II General
Walter A. Brown (1905–1964), founding owner of the Boston Celtics and inductee into the basketball and hockey halls of fame
Richard Egan (1936–2009), founder of EMC Corporation and former US Ambassador to Ireland
Dennis Eckersley (1954- ), MLB pitcher (1975-1998), Baseball Hall of Fame (2004)
David Franklin (scientist) (1961–), American microbiologist, entrepreneur and qui tam relator in landmark Franklin v. Parke-Davis case
Steve Nicol (1961- ), Scottish-born coach of soccer team New England Revolution
Keegan Bradley (1986- ), PGA Tour Golfer
Jon Curran (1987- ), PGA Tour Golfer
Public buildings in Hopkinton:
The Town of Hopkinton established a historical commission which manages “the preservation, protection and development of the historical or archeological assets of such city or town”. Projects include conducting research for places of historic or archeological value, assisting cooperatively with others engaged in such research, and carrying out other initiatives for the purpose of protecting and preserving such places.
Hopkinton has two properties in the register.
Cedar Swamp Archeological District, Address Restricted. Listed 1988-05-23
Hopkinton Supply Company Building, 26-28 Main Street. Listed 1983-03-10
The following residences were built in Hopkinton before the year 1900.
Greater Boston
MetroWest
Boston Marathon
EMC Corporation
Open town meeting format
Hopkinton Community Profile in The Boston Globe, 2003
Hopkinton Listing in MetroWest Chamber of Commerce
The story of Violet and Iris Carey - killed in a natural gas explosion in downtown Hopkinton, 2002
1871 Atlas of Massachusetts. by Wall & Gray. Map of Massachusetts. Map of Middlesex County.
History of Middlesex County, Massachusetts, Volume 1 (A-H), (L-W) compiled by Samuel Adams Drake, published 1879-1880. 572 and 505 pages. Hopkinton article by Rev. Elias Nason in volume 1, pages 483-495
Neil Entwistle
Town of Hopkinton official website
Hopkinton Public Schools
Hopkinton State Park
HCAM
Hopkinton Patch
HopNews
Tom Lyon is a British escapologist and magician who has appeared a number times on Blue Peter and Richard & Judy amongst other television shows.
Lyon wanted to be an escapologist from a very early age, picking toy handcuffs with a toothpick. He attended Eton College in the 1990s, where he met fellow magician Drummond Money-Coutts with whom he reformed the Eton College Magic Society, hosting such performers as Uri Geller. Whilst at Eton, he performed on many TV programs, such as Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway, Richard & Judy, MAGIC, Revolver, Blue Peter (five times), Innovation Nation, Xchange and several international television programs. On one episode of Richard & Judy he got out of a straitjacket and undid his handcuffs in 1 minute and 53 seconds, and then, in under 3 seconds, got out of handcuffs he was wearing and tied Richard and Judy together. He has also been featured in several newspaper articles, including The Daily Telegraph, The Independent, the Daily Mail, Tatler Magazine and the Mail on Sunday. He made front page news in America in 2004 when he escaped from a vault. He also performed for private audiences, including The Queen, The Countess of Rosebery, The Countess of Chichester, The Lady Chadlington and Sir Eric Anderson.
He was reviewed as being "an amazing talent" (Mail on Sunday), proclaimed "astounding" (Express) and it was said that his "future is golden" (Daily Mail).
Lyon became the youngest member of The Magic Circle while still at school, being accepted into the society without having to audition. On leaving school in 2004 he travelled to Italy and France where he focussed on close up sleight-of-hand magic. In 2006 he matriculated into Oriel College, Oxford. To concentrate on his studies, he has left the public eye for the present, although continues to perform at private engagements. Along with Drummond Money-Coutts, he toured Kenya performing magic in 2007, and a DVD, Kenyan Conjurations, was produced about their exploits. The advertising copy reads: "In August 2007, two English magicians travelled to Kenya and performed their mini-miracles wherever they went. They were chased by prostitutes, bribed to cheat in a casino and gave one man a seizure. This is their story." The profits from the DVD will fund the building of a new school in Kenya.
In August 2008, Lyon toured China with Money-Coutts to film a second DVD, this time raising money for a Chinese Children's charity. This film is currently in post-production. While in Asia, they also performed for the Olympic Handover Party at London House, Beijing and Lyon performed for the British Ambassador to China at his residence.
Lyon is currently collaborating with artist Ed Hawkins on a number of projects for future release.
Tom Lyon: Official Website
Kenyan Conjurations: Official Website
Daily Telegraph Feature
Daily Mail Article
Escapology
Drummond Money-Coutts
Eton College
The Greater Manchester Police and Crime Commissioner is the police and crime commissioner, an elected official tasked with setting out the way crime is tackled by the Greater Manchester Police in Greater Manchester. The post was created on 21 November 2012, following an election held on 15 November 2012, and replaced the Greater Manchester Police Authority. The commissioner is Labour Party politician Tony Lloyd. The police and crime commissioner is required to produce a strategic Greater Manchester Police and Crime Plan, setting out the priorities for the Greater Manchester Police, and their work is scrutinised by the Greater Manchester Police and Crime Panel. In November 2014 it was announced that the role would be replaced with a directly elected Mayor of Greater Manchester, and the term of office of the incumbent commissioner was extended to May 2017.
Tony Lloyd criticised the Home Secretary Theresa May for allowing the daily prison escorts of Dale Cregan from Strangeways Prison to Preston Crown Court. He claimed the operation put officers at risk and was unnecessary. Escorting Cregan and his co-accused cost over £5 million. Lloyd Said “So it appears that common sense can be scattered to the wind if you don’t have to pick up the tab. In the end, of course, we’ve all had to pay for this operation because, although the Home Office have agreed to cover some of the costs, the taxpayer is still significantly out of pocket at a time when finances across the public sector are stretched so much.”
in 2013 Lloyd backed calls to increase the fee for a firearms certificate because of the shortfall in costs for Greater Manchester Police to carry out background checks. 
Abate Filippo Titi was an Italian Roman Catholic Protonotary apostolic, and an art historian, best known for his inventory of the artistic content of churches in Rome, titled Studio di Pittura scoltura et architettura nelle Chiese di Roma, published by Mancini in 1674 
Titi was born in town of Città di Castello in Umbria. He studied arts with Virgilio Ducci, a pupil of Francesco Albano.
Titi's Studio was republished by Giuseppe Vannacci in 1686. It was then dedicated to Cardinal Gaspero di Carpegna, the papal Vicar. Titi's index lists about 275 churches. The sections include some of the background of the founding of the church, and the descriptions of the interior are curt; however, there is room for tart commentary such as when he states that to obtain the travertine used to build the Palazzo della Cancelleria nearly half of the Coloseum as well as the entire Arch of Emperor Gordian was undone. His introduction highlights that this book was meant in part to serve as a guidebook to the increasing crowd of visitors that came to Rome as pilgrims or tourists on the Grand Tour. The book was republished over the years  A similar guide for Florence had been published nearly a century earlier by Francesco Bocchi.
A nineteenth century guidebook to Rome, which focused more on antiquity, was published by Carlo Fea. 
See Seven Pilgrim Churches of Rome for other antecedent or roughly contemporary guidebooks.
The Center for Media Freedom and Responsibility (CMFR) is a private, non-stock, non-profit foundation that has focused its endeavor on press freedom protection along with the establishment of a framework of responsibility for its practice. Its programs represent efforts to protect the press as well as to promote professional and ethical values in journalistic practice.
The formation of the Center for Media Freedom and Responsibility (CMFR) addresses one of the critical concerns confronting the Philippines after People Power toppled the Marcos dictatorship in February 1986. That concern calls attention to the power of the media and the role of the free press in the development of Philippine democracy.
All over the world, press freedom has been found to be essential to the democratic system. Effective participatory government is possible only when it can count on a well-informed society where individuals freely exchange ideas, and public debate and discussion arise from knowledge and understanding of national affairs.
That freedom involves not only media professionals, but also the public served by the media—public officials, the private sector, civil society groups, readers, viewers, and listeners—who receive information and are a part of the cycle of public communication. But freedom of the press, like all liberties, has its limits, for the simplest reason that it is vulnerable to abuse.
Democratic recovery confronts serious obstacles on the media front. The press and the media need to exert special efforts to measure up a collective vehicle of information, and as an instrument for clarifying complex issues and dilemmas of development that the public should understand.
Against this background, CMFR was organized in 1989 as a private, non-stock, non-profit organization involving the different sectors of society in the task of building up the press and news media as a pillar of democratic society. Its programs uphold press freedom, promote responsible journalism, and encourage journalistic excellence.
To protect and strengthen the press as a pillar of democracy
To establish a framework of responsibility and ethics in the practice of the press
To raise levels of competence for coverage of special areas of news
To promote journalistic excellence
To engage different sectors of society in the growth of a quality press in the Philippines
With content analysis, CMFR evaluates media coverage of major issues and events, susch as elections and corruption. Based on its findings, CMFR has recommended measures to improve media performance.
In addition to special projects based on content analysis, PJR Reports includes case studies of media performance.
PJR and PJR REPORTS
The Philippine Journalism Review (PJR), which was previously in magazine form, was revived in 2007 as a refereed journal for students and professors of journalism. PJR Reports is its monthly sister publication addressed to journalism professionals.
PJR Reports is not just a publication; it is the result of a continuing monitoring activity of how the press covers and reports events and issues. PJR Reports meets the need for the continuing education of journalists. Sent to over 500 journalists nationwide, PJR Reports also serves as a regular forum for the discussion of the issues and problems of the news media in the Philippines. PJR Reports serves as a reference for journalism faculty and students in universities and colleges.
PJR Reports was first released as a quarterly and then as a bimonthly journal. It is now released monthly to make the material more accessible to the public.
CMFR holds the Jaime V. Ongpin Awards for Excellence in Journalism (JVOAEJ) yearly to promote the practice of investigative journalism and explanatory reporting. These involve basic building blocks for any kind of reporting: research, inquiry, and corroboration to ensure the validity of one’s findings.
CMFR serves as the technical and administrative secretariat of the Awards. In 1995, the program initiated the first Jaime V. Ongpin Journalism Seminar on Investigative Journalism in order to broaden public interest and support for the development of investigative journalism. The seminar, now known as the Jaime V. Ongpin Journalism Seminar, invites journalism students and faculty from different schools to interact with a panel of finalists who discuss their articles and views on journalism.
CMFR monitors attacks against and threats to press freedom in the Philippines. It maintains a database of journalists killed in the line of duty and trains a national network of journalists to report on assaults against the press. Correspondents provide updates on unsolved cases of journalists killed and issue calls for action when necessary. CMFR serves as a clearing house for information to international groups.
CMFR forwards alerts and reports on the state of press freedom in the PHilippines to the Southeast Asian Press Alliance (SEAPA), the International Freedom of Expression eXchange (IFEX), Reporters Without Borders (RSF), and the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ).
A yearly publication that reports on the state of the press and the issues affecting media in Asia. Contributors are media practitioners from the region who gather for a conference (the Journalism Asia Forum) to discuss selected issues that will be taken up in the magazine.
CMFR also publishes reports and books on major topics of media interest and performance such as media and gender issues and media and governance. BOOKS
Libel as Politics
Philippine Press Freedom Report 2007
The CMFR Monitor: News Media Coverage of the 2007 National Elections
Philippine Press Freedom Primer: Quick Answers to your Questions
The CMFR Ethics Manual: A Values Approach to News Media Ethics
Limited Protection: Press Freedom and Philippine Law
Citizens’ Media Monitor: A Report on the Campaign and Elections Coverage in the Philippines 2004
Journalist Killings under the Arroyo administration 2001-2006: A Study by the Center for Media Freedom and Responsibility
Prize Journalism: A collection of Jaime V. Ongpin Award Winners
Press Freedom in the Philippines: A Study in Contradictions
The Media and Peace Reporting
Five Source Books on Women
         Understanding Women and Politics
         Understanding Population and Development
         Understanding Women, Work, and Migration
         Understanding Violence Against Women
         Understanding Reproductive Health
Peace Process and Media
MANUALS
Peace Journalism Training Manual
Monitoring Media Coverage of Elections: A Center for Media Freedom and Responsibility (CMFR) Guidebook
Media in Court: The Criminal Justice System Guidebook for Reporters
Reporting Public Policy: A Manual for Journalists
CONFERENCE REPORTS
The Manila Conference on Impunity and Press Freedom
Access to Economic Information
Corruption in Media: A Multi-Sectoral Perspective
Freedom of Economic Information for Effective Governance
News Media and Civil Society
The Road Beyond EDSA: The Post-Estrada Reform Agenda
Media and Local Government: Corruption and Access to Information
CMFR has developed training modules in the following areas:
Campus Journalism
Media and Civil Society
Media and Corruption
Media and Disaster
Media and Economic Information
Media and Judiciary
Media and Peace
Media and Public Policy
Media and Women
CMFR has been working with partners in the press, academe, and non-governmental organizations to plan, build, and launch local press councils since 2001. To date, it has helped establish the Cebu Citizens-Press Council and regional press councils in Baguio and Palawan.
CMFR is a founding member of the Freedom Fund for Filipino Journalists (FFFJ) and currently serves as its secretariat. It is also a founding member of the Southeast Asian Press Alliance (SEAPA) and an International Freedom of Expression eXchange (IFEX) member.
CMFR is a recipient of the Catholic Mass Media Award for PUblic Service in 1993 and the Joaquin "Chino" Roces Award in 1998. In 2005, CMFR won second prize in the ethics and values category of the Templeton Freedom Awards of the United States-based Atlas Economic Research Foundation.
Executive Director
Melinda Quintos de Jesus
Deputy Director/PJR Reports Editor
Luis V. Teodoro
Board of Directors
Dr. Jose Abueva Fr. Joaquin Bernas, S.J. Atty. Fulgencio Factoran Jr. Melinda Quintos de Jesus Maribel Ongpin Tina Monzon-Palma Paulynn Paredes-Sicam Vergel O. Santos Luis V. Teodoro
2/F Ateneo Professional Schools, 130 H.V. dela Costa St., Salcedo Village, Makati City 1227 Philippines Telephone Numbers: (+63 2) 894-1314/894-1326/840-0903 Telefax: (+63 2) 840-0889 Website: http://www.cmfr-phil.org E-mail Address: staff@cmfr-phil.org
On January 28, 2008, 30 journalists filed a P10-million media class suit (by the National Union of Journalists of the Philippines, Center for Media Freedom and Responsibility (CMFR) and Philippine Press Institute (PPI). Executive Judge Winlove Dumayas of Makati Regional Trial Court Branch 59 granted the petition for TRO, effective for 72 hours.
International Freedom of Expression Exchange
CMFR website
Freedom Watch
SEAPA website
Broughton Strait is a strait off the north coast of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, separating that island from Malcolm and Cormorant Islands, on the farther side of which is the larger Queen Charlotte Strait, which also lies beyond the western end of Brouhgton Strait, and the mouth of Knight Inlet. Farther east from Broughton Strait is the beginning of Johnstone Strait, which leads via Discovery Passage to the Strait of Georgia.
Communities on the Broughton Strait include Port McNeill, on Vancouver Island, and Sointula and Alert Bay, on Malcolm and Cormorant Islands respectively.
Broughton Strait was closed to shipping traffic via mines strung between Malcolm Island and Vancouver Island at McNeill point. Two small torpedo boats patrolled the waters at night.
   - Total pages: 596
British Columbia Coast
The Central Ferry Piers (Chinese: 中環碼頭) are situated on the northeast part of Central, Hong Kong Island. The ferries mostly depart to Outlying Islands in the New Territories, with the exception of Pier 1 serving as a government pier, and ferries from Pier 7 going to Kowloon.
The destinations or uses of the piers are as follows:
Pier 1: Government of Hong Kong pier
Pier 2: Park Island
Pier 3: Discovery Bay
Pier 4: Lamma Island, with the western pier going to Sok Kwu Wan and the eastern pier to Yung Shue Wan.
Pier 5: Cheung Chau
Pier 6: western pier: Peng Chau - eastern pier: Mui Wo
Pier 7: Star Ferry service to Tsim Sha Tsui
Pier 8: Hong Kong Maritime Museum (formerly used by Star Ferry for route to Hung Hom)
Pier 9: Public pier
Pier 10: Public pier
Star Ferry Pier, Central is a "movable name", which now refers to the "fourth generation" Star Ferry pier, aka Pier 7 in Central.
Queen's Pier, Edinburgh Place, was completely demolished in February 2008
Edinburgh Place Ferry Pier - "third generation" Star Ferry pier, abandoned in November 2006
In 2011, after the closure of its flagship store in Pedder Building in October 2011, due to rising rent, Shanghai Tang set up several project units to continue its presence in Central, namely “A New Journey as a Nomad of Central,” in a series of Mongolian gers, imported from Mongolia, on the roof of Pier 1 from 4 November to 31 December 2011.
Outlying Islands Ferry Pier
The Partisan Supreme Headquarters was created in June 1941 by the Central Committee of the Yugoslav Communist Party after the German-led Axis invasion of Yugoslavia of 6 April. Initially titled Partisan Chief Headquarters when it was created on 4 June 1941, it was renamed at the Stolice conference of 26–27 September 1941. Its full name became the Supreme Headquarters of the People's Liberation Partisan Detachments. From January 1942, the headquarters became the Supreme Headquarters of the People's Liberation Partisan and Volunteer Army of Yugoslavia to allow for the incorporation of "Volunteer Detachments" consisting of insurgents that were not willing to formally become Partisans, most of whom were Serb-chauvinist Chetniks. By November 1942, this experiment had clearly failed, and it was again renamed the Supreme Headquarters of the People's Liberation Army and Partisan Detachments of Yugoslavia. Finally, on 1 March 1945, it became the General Staff of the Yugoslav Armed Forces.
Gustavo González Castro (born 1 July 1973), commonly referred to by his alias "El Erótico" ("The Erotic One"), is a Mexican drug lord and founding member of Los Zetas, a criminal organization originally formed by ex-commandos from the Mexican Armed Forces. He joined the Mexican Army as an infantry soldier in 1990, and ascended to the corporal unit five years later. By 1999, however, González Castro had resigned and began working for the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas along with several former military men.
Considered one of the finest assassins in his organization, González Castro commanded and successfully carried out a massive prison break of 25 inmates with other Army deserters in 2004. González Castro is among Mexico's most-wanted men, and one of the last standing founders of Los Zetas.
Gustavo González Castro was born in the Mexican city of Tuxpan, Veracruz on 1 July 1973. He joined the Mexican Air Force, a service branch of the Mexican Army, on 22 March 1990 as an infantry soldier. In 1995, he ascended to the corporal unit, but resigned to enlist in the reserves on 1 August 1999. At some point after leaving the Armed Forces, González Castro joined the criminal organization known as Los Zetas, which was formed by him and other ex-soldiers who were recruited by the Gulf Cartel under the tutelage of the then-leader Osiel Cárdenas Guillén in the late 1990s.
In the early 2000s, Carlos Rosales Mendoza, the leader of La Familia drug cartel and close associate of Cárdenas Guillén, was combating the Milenio Cartel for the control of the drug trafficking territories in the state of Michoacán. In an attempt to put down the Milenio organization, Rosales Mendoza contacted the Gulf Cartel and asked them to send several gunmen of Los Zetas to help in the fight. Cárdenas Guillén agreed by sending Efraín Teodoro Torres and González Castro, two of its best hitmen. On 4 January 2004, the Gulf Cartel dispatched several members of Los Zetas, including González Castro, to perpetrate a massive jail break in a municipal prison in Apatzingán, a city just 200 miles from the nation's capital. Armed with AK-47s and AR-15s and dressed in military uniform, the Zeta gunmen tied up the prison guards and liberated at least 25 inmates, including five high-ranking members of the Gulf Cartel. The Mexican authorities believe that the imprisoned Cárdenas Guillén had possibly ordered this raid in an attempt to predict the likelihood of his escape from La Palma prison.
In late January 2009, several homicides were reported in Guadalajara area, including the discovery of the alleged body of González Castro, alias El Erótico. The information was not confirmed, and González Castro remains a fugitive and in Mexico's most-wanted list. He is also one of the last standing founders of Los Zetas who are still at large.
In 2011 and 2012, González Castro was reported to have been commanding Los Zetas in Monterrey and Tamaulipas state respectively.
On 24 March 2010, the United States Department of the Treasury sanctioned González Castro under the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act (sometimes referred to simply as the "Kingpin Act"), for his involvement in drug trafficking along with fifty-three other international criminals and ten foreign entities. The act prohibited U.S. citizens and companies from doing any kind of business activity with him, and virtually froze all his assets in the U.S.
Mexican Drug War
Raja Sir Basu Deb Sudhal Deb, born 16 May 1850 in royal family of Bamanda princly state of Orissa.He was the Raja of Bamra from 1869 to 1903. In 1865 he was adopted by Tribhuban Singh, his uncle, and he ascended upon his death on 12 May 1869. He was said to have been a benevolent and enlightened raja and to have improved much.
He had four wives, the first of which, Rani Giriraj Kumari of Kalahandi, he married in 1871. Between them his wives bore eight sons and eleven daughters before his death in Calcutta, on 19 November 1903. He was succeeded by Satchitananda Tribhuban Deb.
Rajah Deb Sudhal
Benny Beaver is the official mascot of Oregon State University and winner of the 2011 Capital One Mascot of the Year write-in campaign. The exact date of when the name was first used as the university's mascot is not known, but photographs in the school's yearbook document its use as early as the 1940s.
The university's school newspaper is the first known organization on campus to adopt the beaver as its namesake and did so as early as 1908. The school yearbook's long use of the name, known as "The Beaver" starting in 1916, eventually helped solidify the beaver as the university's official mascot. The popularity of the beaver was also shared by students at University of Oregon. For several early publishings, students at this school also used "The Beaver" as their yearbook's title.
Oregon State University's first documented use of "Benny Beaver" was found in a photograph showing students posing next to a statue of a beaver inscribed with the name "Benny Beaver." The photograph appears in the 1942 edition of the yearbook.
Prior to the beaver, Oregon State's mascot was an individual known as John Richard Newton Bell (1893–1928). A longtime member of the university's board of regents, Bell became hugely popular among the students for his ritual of marching to the Marys River after each of Oregon State's Civil War victories. He was said to have tossed his top hat into the water as a token of celebration. Earlier mascots include "Jimmie" the Coyote (1892–1893) and "Bulldog" (1906–1910, unofficial and for specific teams only, such as the Wrestling squad). The beaver mascot's name, "Benny," was officially adopted in 1945. Two failed attempts to maintain a live beaver mascot include Bevo Beaver (rescued from Mary's River in 1921 and later stolen ) and Billy Beaver (made mascot in 1935, and later fell ill and died).
The early Benny Beaver "cartoon" icon/logo was created by famous graphic illustrator, and former Disney employee, Arthur C. Evans. As the art director for Angelus Pacific Company, Evans submitted his design to OSU and it was approved for use in 1951. His logos were used at hundreds of other universities and high schools throughout the nation. Evans' beaver logo also appeared in the 1985 movie "Teen Wolf."
A beaver statue was carted around the stadium and in parades in the 1940s, patterned after an earlier bronze statue, went by the name "Benny." The 1941 yearbook shows the statue with the caption "Bill Beaver" while a 1942 yearbook photo of the same beaver statue gives it the name "Benny Beaver". After the statue's demise, the name stuck with "The Gnawed Log," a sports column in the student newspaper the Daily Barometer.
The first live appearance during an athletic event by a mascot named "Benny", was September 18, 1952 and performed by Ken Austin. Austin later founded Newberg, Oregon-based A-dec, the largest privately held dental equipment manufacturer in North America. Austin is now a major Oregon State donor.
Between the early 1980s and mid-1990s, Benny was often joined at sporting events by a co-mascot, known as "Bernice Beaver."
In 1998 No Dinx, a graphic design shop in Albany, Oregon, redesigned the logo for the first time in nearly 50 years (shown below).
In March 2013, working together with Nike, Oregon State University unveiled the latest, newly redesigned version, of the Benny Beaver logo. The new logo replaced the No Dinx design. The Benny Beaver costume also changed to match the new logo in 2001. Benny wears #0 at football games and #0 at basketball games. Past numbers have included #100 (football) and #6 (basketball).
In December 2010, Benny Beaver was ranked 13th on a list titled 20 Worst Behaved Mascots Of All Time. Despite the bad press, Benny Beaver won the 2011 Capital One Mascot of the Year write-in campaign, earning the mascot program $1000 and inclusion in the following year's Capital One All-America Mascot Team.
Babson College -Wellesley, Massachusetts
Bemidji State University -Bemidji, Minnesota
Blackburn College -Carlinville, Illinois
Bluffton College -Bluffton, Ohio
Buena Vista University -Storm Lake, Iowa
California Institute of Technology (Caltec) -Pasadena, California
Champlain College -Burlington, Vermont
City College of New York -New York, New York
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) -Cambridge, Massachusetts
Minot State University -Minot, North Dakota
University of Maine at Farmington -Farmington, Maine
University of Toronto -Toronto, Ontario, Canada
The Picton Argus was an English language newspaper published in Picton, New South Wales, Australia. It was also named The Picton Advocate, The Picton Post and Advocate and finally The Picton Post in 1907.
The Picton Argus started around 1885 and was published by Edward Frederick Webb. It ceased in 1896 and was continued by The Picton Advocate, published by Alfred Stanley-Turner which continued until around 1898 when it became The Picton Post and Advocate, published by W.A. Laverty. This publication continued until August 1907 when it became simply The Picton Post, published by A.L. Burgess which ceased in June 1982 when it was absorbed by The Macarthur Advertiser.
The various versions of the paper have been digitised as part of the Australian Newspapers Digitisation Program project hosted by the National Library of Australia.
List of newspapers in New South Wales
List of Newspapers in Australia
The Picton Post (NSW : 1907 - 1954) at Trove Digitised newspapers and more
Country conscience : a history of the New South Wales provincial press, 1841-1995 / by Rod Kirkpatrick, Canberra City, A.C.T. : Infinite Harvest Publishing, 2000
Looking good : the changing appearance of Australian newspapers / by Victor Isaacs, for the Australian Newspapers History Group, Middle Park, Qld. : Australian Newspaper History Group, 2007.
Press timeline : Select chronology of significant Australian press events to 2011 / Compiled by Rod Kirkpatrick for the Australian Newspaper History Group
Australian Newspaper History : A Bibliography / Compiled by Victor Isaacs, Rod Kirkpatrick and John Russell, Middle Park, Qld. : Australian Newspaper History Group, 2004.
Newspapers in Australian libraries : a union list. 4th ed.
Lierbyen is the administrative center of Lier municipality in Buskerud county, Norway. The village is situated on the Lierelva River in the valley of Lierdalen which extends from Drammensfjord north toward Sylling near Tyrifjorden. Lierbyen is located about 39 km from Oslo, about 8 km from Drammen off European route E18. Lierbyen is a part of a greater urban area which also encompasses the villages Lier, Reistad and Kjellstad. The urban area has a population of 4,233 (2007). .   
Lierbyen was the birthplace of Hans Christian Heg, who emigrated in 1840 with his parents to Muskego, Wisconsin. Heg served as a colonel and brigade commander in the Union Army in the American Civil War. Heg organized the 15th Wisconsin Volunteer Regiment at Madison, Wisconsin. More popularly known as the "Scandinavian Regiment", the majority of its members were immigrants from Norway, or other Scandinavian countries. His statue by Paul Fjelde was raised in Madison, Wisconsin, with a cast erected in his home village.  
Gert Nygårdshaug
Hans Christian Heg Memorial Statue
Richmond Mumford Pearson, Jr. (January 26, 1852 – September 12, 1923) was an American diplomat and member of the U.S. House of Representatives from North Carolina.
Richmond Mumford Pearson, Jr. was born 26 January 1852 at Richmond Hill in Yadkin County, North Carolina, the fourth of five children of North Carolina Supreme Court Justice Richmond Mumford Pearson.
Pearson studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1874. The same year he was appointed United States consul to Verviers and Liege, Belgium, which he resigned in 1877.
Pearson was elected to one term (1884–86) in the North Carolina House of Representatives and later to two consecutive terms in the U.S. House, serving from 1895 to 1899. When he ran for re-election in 1898, he was initially declared the loser, and William T. Crawford the winner. But he successfully contested the election and was seated for the last half of the Fifty-sixth Congress (May 10, 1900 to March 1901).
President Theodore Roosevelt appointed Pearson consul to Genoa in 1901, ambassador to Persia in 1902, and ambassador to Greece and Montenegro in 1907. He retired from the diplomatic service in 1909, and lived most of his later life at his home in Asheville, North Carolina, called "Richmond Hill" (the same name as his father's home in Yadkin County). It was there that he died in 1923.
Appalachian State University Library
National Register of Historic Places
Richmond Hill Inn website
University of North Carolina at Asheville Library
Novyi Rozdil (Ukrainian: Новий Розділ, Polish: Nowy Rozdół) is a city in Lviv Oblast (region) of Ukraine. It is designated as a city of oblast significance. Population: 28,797 (2013 est.).
Novyi Rozdil is twinned with:
 Police, Poland
The Roßkopf is a 1,580 metre high peak in the Mangfall Mountains in Upper Bavaria. It lies in the south of the district of Miesbach right on the boundary between the parishes of Schliersee in the east and Rottach-Egern in the west, which forms the watershed between the lakes of Schliersee and Tegernsee. Other peaks on this line are the Bodenschneid and the Rinnerspitz further north.
Due to its proximity to Munich, its relatively low height, easy ascents and picturesque location with views of the Spitzingsee and Tegernsee lakes, the Roßkopf is one of the most popular local mountains for Munich families. As a result, its grass-covered summit with its summit cross is often crowded on summer and autumn weekends in fine weather.
In winter the Roßkopf is a popular area for powder skiers. A new chair lift links the Roßkopf to the Spitzing ski resort.
In public transport, Route 9 may refer to:
Barcelona Metro line 9
Line 9 (Madrid Metro)
London Buses route 9
Southern Vectis route 9, a bus route running between Newport and Ryde on the Isle of Wight.
9 (New York City Subway service)
9 - Mayfield (Cleveland RTA), a bus route in Cleveland
Route 9 (MTA Maryland), a bus route in the suburbs of Baltimore, Maryland
Liebenswiller (Alemannic German: Liebedswíller; German: Liebensweiler) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France. It is located close to the border with Switzerland, near the Swiss village of Rodersdorf.
Communes of the Haut-Rhin département
The Iratinzinho River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
List of rivers of Paraná
Brazilian Ministry of Transport
Nicolae Cristea (October 26 [O.S. October 14] 1834 – February 7, 1902) was an Austro-Hungarian ethnic Romanian Orthodox priest, professor, journalist and political activist. A protégé of Andrei Șaguna, he studied in Germany before returning to edit the church's newspaper for nearly two decades, a period during which he also taught at the theological seminary in Sibiu. He was politically active, a stance that culminated in the early 1890s with his signing of the Transylvanian Memorandum and subsequent imprisonment.
Born to peasant parents in Ocna Sibiului, in the Transylvania region, he began primary school in his native village before continuing at a Roman Catholic school in nearby Sibiu. He attended the state high school there, also Catholic in orientation: from 1848 to 1850, his courses were in Latin, and then in German until graduation. In 1857, he became a student at the city's theological academy, remaining there until 1859. While enrolled at the school, he met his eventual patron, Archbishop Andrei Șaguna. The latter appreciated Cristea's qualities and in 1859 advised him to enter the law faculty. He consented, and at the same time became a clerk at the archbishop's chancery.
Sent by Șaguna to the University of Leipzig in order to deepen his studies of philosophy and political economy, his 1861–1863 stay of two years was too brief for a doctorate, and Cristea remained with two undergraduate degrees in theology and law. While in Leipzig, he was a church singer at the local Romanian chapel. He also corrected some erroneous information presented by Heinrich von Treitschke, for which the professor publicly apologized.
In 1870, he married Eleftera Manole, the sister of a Brașov businessman, and was ordained a priest later that year. Teaching church history and canon law, he was a substitute professor at the theological academy from 1863 to 1865 and a full professor of homiletics and moral theology from 1870 to 1873. At that point, he was named an archdiocesan advisor, remaining as such until his death. In 1865, he was named director of Telegraful Român newspaper, remaining until 1883, when he was dismissed by Metropolitan Miron Romanul after writing a scathing critique of Prime Minister Kálmán Tisza.
During a period that saw the loss of Transylvania's autonomy as a result of the Austro-Hungarian Compromise of 1867 and a concerted Magyarization effort, Cristea consistently defended the rights of the province's Romanians. Like his mentor, he promoted an activist stance through polemical articles, and the widely-read newspaper turned a profit for the first time. In 1877–1878, he paid close attention to the ongoing Romanian War of Independence, devoting entire editions to the topic. He protested against the 1879 law that made Hungarian a required subject in Romanian church schools. After Tribuna newspaper was founded in 1884, he occasionally contributed articles there. He took part in the 1881 national conference of Romanian electors, where he delivered a fiery speech that emphasized the lack of political training for local Romanians.
A member of the Romanian National Party, and part of its leadership for a decade beginning in 1884, he helped draft the 1892 Transylvanian Memorandum. Indicted the following year, he and party president Ioan Rațiu vowed to speak only Romanian at their trial, held in May 1894. Cristea defended himself energetically, refusing to disavow his role. He was sentenced to eight months' imprisonment, which he carried out at Vác with the majority of fellow signatories. While there, he wrote a brochure detailing his political convictions. He was granted a furlough in order to bury his son. The court costs were considerable for Cristea, who already had to support four children and received supplemental income from Romanian political circles. Upon being released, his advisor's salary was not paid for months; he was clearly not liked by Metropolitan Miron, whose behavior he criticized vehemently in his diary.
Begun in prison in March 1895, this diary was kept until November 1901, with lengthy and frequent interruptions; it was published in 1999. Dry in tone and rarely treating exceptional events, it reflects the aloof personality of Cristea, marked by political battles. Other topics include the Romanian-language press of Transylvania, his disappointment at Dimitrie Sturdza's suddenly conciliatory policy toward Austria-Hungary upon becoming Prime Minister of Romania, criticism of the new metropolitan Ioan Mețianu, his own gradual withdrawal from politics and his May 1898 visit to the Romanian Old Kingdom. There, he was deeply moved upon seeing the Black Sea at Constanța and impressed by the Anghel Saligny Bridge.
He died in Sibiu; his funeral was officiated by Mețianu and attended by an imposing crowd that included fellow Memorandum signer Rubin Patiția. Cristea was buried at the parish church in the Iosefin neighborhood.
Mircea Păcurariu, Cărturari sibieni de altădată. Cluj-Napoca: Editura Dacia, 2002. ISBN 978-973-3514-63-3
Exmouth Gulf Station or Exmouth Station is a pastoral lease and sheep station located in the Gascoyne region of Western Australia. Situated approximately 50 kilometres (31 mi) south of Exmouth Occupying an area of 92,364 hectares (228,236 acres) the station occupies much of the eastern side of North West Cape and the eastern boundary of the station is Exmouth Gulf itself from which the station takes its name.
The area was under pastoral lease beginning in 1876 when J Brockman acquired leases in the area covering North West Cape to run cattle. Brockman sold parts of the lease in 1888 to ornithologist Thomas Carter including Exmouth, Yardie Creek and Ningaloo Station. Carter was the first settler in the area and established a pastoral station in 1889 grazing sheep. He then established most of the coastal wells and carefully recorded the Aboriginal names of the places in which they were located.
Initially Yardie Creek and Exmouth were part of the same lease but were split in 1912 at the same time the Point Cloates whaling station was established on the coast nearby.
In 1931 the station was sold from the estate of Messrs King and Watson to the manager of Minilya Station, Mr S.T Lefroy, for the sum of £13,000.
The first significant oil strike in Australia occurred at Rough Range within the boundaries of the station and oil is still being produced in the area and pumped out to Cape Range.
A Boomerang A-46 hit a wireless mast while making a low pass over the station in 1943, tearing a section off the wing of the plane. The pilot made it safely back to Potshot airfield for repairs.
Exmouth Gulf is operating under the Crown Lease number CL100-1976 and has the Land Act number LA3114/996.
List of ranches and stations
List of pastoral leases in Western Australia
Zadié is a department of Ogooué-Ivindo Province in northern-eastern Gabon. The capital lies at Mékambo. As of 2003 the department had a population of 15,203 people. The department has a population of Bakoya pygmies, settled here since about 1933 along the main roads from Mékambo to Mazingo and Mékambo to Ekata on the Congolese border. The area received international press for outbreaks of Ebola hemorrhagic fever in 1994 and 1997.
The department contains the following administrative divisions. The population as of the 2003 census is given:
Commune de Mékambo (4,971)
Canton Bengoué (1,050)
Canton Djouah (3,379)
Canton Loué (3,769)
Canton Sassamongo (2,035)
Gábor Alfréd Fehérvári (born 8 April 1990), known by his stage name Freddie, is a Hungarian singer, most notable for placing fourth in the first season of the Hungarian version of Rising Star and being the representative for Hungary in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016.
Freddies' grandfather was Hungarian football coach Alfréd Fehérvári (1925–2007). Freddie studied at a commercial college before his music career, and worked as an assistant in Győr. By 2010, he had not only sung but also played guitar in small bands. Freddie first performed professionally in the Hungarian version of Rising Star. He reached the top twelve, then top six and then in the top four qualifiers. In the finals, he finished in fourth place. After Rising Star, collaborating with András Kállay-Saunders, Freddie performed his first original song, "Mary Joe", and reached the Petőfi Radio Top 30 list. It became one of the domestic summer hits of 2015. He began performing under his stage name Freddie in Autumn 2015. In December 2015, it was announced that Freddie would participate in A Dal 2016 with the song "Pioneer". He won A Dal and represented his home country in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016 in May of 2016, reaching the final and coming in 19th place overall.
Kaidun is a meteorite that fell on 3 December 1980 on a Soviet military base near what is now Al-Khuraybah in Yemen. A fireball was observed travelling from the northwest to the southeast, and a single stone weighing about 2 kilograms (4.4 lb) was recovered from a small impact pit.
It contains a uniquely wide variety of minerals, causing some confusion as to its origin. It is largely made up of carbonaceous chondrite material of type CR2, but it is known to contain fragments of other types, such as C1, CM1, and C3. Of the nearly 60 minerals found within the meteorite, several have not been found elsewhere in nature, such as florenskyite, which has the chemical formula: FeTiP.
In March 2004 it was suggested that the meteorite originated from the Martian moon Phobos. The reason Phobos has been suggested is the existence of two extremely rare alkaline-rich clasts visible in the meteorite, each of which entered the rock at different times. This suggests that the parent body would have been near a source of an alkaline-rich rock, which is in particular a product of deep differentiation. This points to Mars and one of its moons, and Phobos is more likely than Deimos because it is closer to Mars. However, mineralogical and noble gas work do not tie the lithic fragments to Mars, as has been done with other proven Martian meteorites, and this hypothesized link is tenable at best.
Glossary of meteoritics
Kaidun: A Meteorite with Everything but the Kitchen Sink, written by Linda M. V. Martel, Hawai‘i Institute of Geophysics and Planetology
Integrity Watch Afghanistan (IWA) is an Afghan non-governmental organization that works to increase transparency (social), integrity and accountability in Afghanistan through the provision of policy-oriented research, monitoring, capacity building and advocacy on political corruption and aid effectiveness.
IWA was created in October 2005 and developed a National Corruption Survey which measures Afghans' perspective on petty corruption. Prior to 2010 the Corruption Survey included only a few of the 34 provinces and was not able to give a national overview of the corruption situation in Afghanistan. In the 2010 National Corruption Survey, 32 out of the 34 provinces of Afghanistan were covered but the survey still faces some limitations as it was unable to survey areas that are in conflict and under pure Taliban control.
IWA's research measures the evolution of corruption trends and habits in Afghanistan and produces training tools to raise awareness about corruption. The organisation also works to strengthen local capacities to prevent corruption within the Afghan public institutions, private sector, civil society organisations and the public at large. IWA has three programmatic pillars: Community Based Monitoring, Public Service Monitoring and Extractive Industries Monitoring.
Al Jazeera Study says Afghan graft worsening
BBC Afghan Corruption has doubled since 2007
CMI Afghan hydrocarbon: Addressing corruption to fuel development?
Eurasianet Extracting Change in Afghanistan’s Development Quagmire
France 24 - Kabul Bank - Where business and political ties bind
International Peace Bureau Military intervention, aid and governance in Afghanistan
Journal of Democracy A New Approach to Postwar Reconstruction
Network for Integrity in Reconstruction Corruption, Effectiveness and Accountability in Post-War Countries
OECD Working towards a common donor response to corruption
Overseas Development Institute Corruption perceptions and risks in humanitarian assistance: an Afghanistan case study
The Washington Post Survey of Afghans points to rampant corruption in government
The Washington Times Afghans say official corruption helps Taliban
Transparency International UK Building integrity and reducing corruption in defence & security: 20 practical reforms
U4 Fighting Corruption in Afghanistan: A roadmap for strategy and action
Integrity Watch Afghanistan Reports on corruption in Afghanistan and Community Based Monitoring
Afghan Conflict Monitoring Reports on Corruption in Afghanistan
IBP Open Budget Index
Tiri Accountability on Reconstruction Projects
U4 Resources on Anti-Corruption
Iidesjärvi is a small lake in Tampere, Finland. It is situated southeast of the center of Tampere. It has a tower built for birdwatchers on its east end.
Radical America was a left wing political magazine in the United States established in 1967. The magazine was founded by Paul Buhle and Mari Jo Buhle, activists in Students for a Democratic Society and served during its first few years of existence as an unofficial theoretical journal of that organization. During the 1970s and 1980s, the magazine changed to take on more of an academic Marxist flavor. With contributions from academics dwindling during the decade of the 1990s, the magazine was terminated in 1999.
Radical America was founded by members of the Students for a Democratic Society (SDS) in 1967. The initial editors were Paul Buhle and Mari Jo Buhle in their graduate school days, operating in Madison, Wisconsin. In the first few years, it served as the "unofficial journal of SDS." Dan Georgakas wrote that its importance lay in that it "was on the scholarly cutting edge of a social movement that often has been accused of lacking intellectual substance.
Initially, subscriptions were sold at a discount rate to national SDS members. The Buhles relocated to the Boston, Massachusetts area, and brought the journal with them. By the time of the Boston move the journal was independent from the SDS.
The journal, published in Somerville, Massachusetts, focused on topical issues of concern to the left and society at large, such as women's liberation, working class radicalism and busing. Beginning in 1970, each issue had a dedicated focus upon one issue. Mainly, during the 1970s, the journal evolved in a direction concerned with New Left issues, rather than traditional, Old Left concern with strengthening ties with trade unions. It was particularly active in the 1970s, as authors related the experiences of feminist activists and autonous work-place activists.
According to the publication's published annual "Statement of Ownership, Management and Circulation" required by the Post Office Department, the average press run of Radical America for the twelve months ending in October 1982 was 4,100, with an average mail subscription of about 2,330. Bulk sales and sales through vendors accounted for another 1,270 copies, according to the 1982 report by editor John P. Demeter.
By the 1980s the journal branched to addressing gay issues and rock music. During the late 1980s, article contributions dwindled as academics left the journal.
Paul Buhle (ed.), History and the New Left: Madison, Wisconsin, 1950-1970. Philadelphia: Temple University Press, 1990.
"Radical America, 1967-1999." Brown University Library Center for Digital Archives.
"Radical America: Digital Edition," Brown University Library Center for Digital Archives. —Large run of issues in pdf format.
"The Search for a Useable Past: An Interview with Paul Buhle on Radical America", Viewpoint Magazine, March 2, 2015.
Derek Seidman, "Radical Continuity: An Interview with Paul Buhle," CounterPunch, March 8, 2004.
Stambolov Crag (Vrah Stambolov \\'vr&h stam-bo-'lov\\) rises to 820m in Friesland Ridge, Tangra Mountains, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica with steep snow free western slopes. The crag surmounts Huntress Glacier to the northwest and its tributary to the north, and Ruen Icefall to the southwest.
The feature is named after Stefan Stambolov (1854–1895), prominent Bulgarian statesman.
The crag is located at 62°41′32.4″S 60°14′28″W, which is 1.77 km west of Simeon Peak, 2 km northwest of St. Cyril Peak, 2.63 km north of St. Methodius Peak, 1.2 km north of Troyan Peak, 850 m east-northeast of Kikish Crag, 4.87 km southeast of Napier Peak, 4.63 km south-southeast of Willan Nunatak and 1.39 km south-southwest of Tran Crag (Bulgarian mapping in 2005 and 2009).
South Shetland Islands. Scale 1:200000 topographic map No. 3373. DOS 610 – W 62 58. Tolworth, UK, 1968.
Islas Livingston y Decepción. Mapa topográfico a escala 1:100000. Madrid: Servicio Geográfico del Ejército, 1991.
S. Soccol, D. Gildea and J. Bath. Livingston Island, Antarctica. Scale 1:100000 satellite map. The Omega Foundation, USA, 2004.
L.L. Ivanov et al., Antarctica: Livingston Island and Greenwich Island, South Shetland Islands (from English Strait to Morton Strait, with illustrations and ice-cover distribution), 1:100000 scale topographic map, Antarctic Place-names Commission of Bulgaria, Sofia, 2005
L.L. Ivanov. Antarctica: Livingston Island and Greenwich, Robert, Snow and Smith Islands. Scale 1:120000 topographic map. Troyan: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2010. ISBN 978-954-92032-9-5 (First edition 2009. ISBN 978-954-92032-6-4)
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR), 1993–2016.
SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
This article includes information from the Antarctic Place-names Commission of Bulgaria which is used with permission.
Marcy or Marcie may refer to:
Alfred Marcy (1900–1977), U.S. Army Colonel
Geoffrey Marcy (born 1954), American astronomer
Oliver Marcy (1820–1899), professor and administrator at Northwestern University
Randolph B. Marcy (1812–1887), U.S. Army officer and explorer
Sam Marcy (1911–1998), American Marxist and co-founder of Workers World Party
William L. Marcy (1786–1857), American statesman
Marcy Hinzmann (born 1982), American figure skater
Marcy Toepel, Member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
Masashi Tashiro (born 1956), former Japanese TV performer (nickname)
Marcy (American Horror Story)
Marcy (Chrono Cross), a character from the video game Chrono Cross
Marcy (Katamari), rainbow-coloured cousin of The Prince of All Cosmos from the Katamari video-game series by Namco
Marcie (Peanuts), a character in the Peanuts comic strip
Marcy D'Arcy, next door neighbour and foil of Al Bundy in Married With Children
Marcy Miller, a character in An App a Day
Marcy Park, character in the musical The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee
Mount Marcy (New York), the highest mountain in New York
Marcy, New York, a town located in Oneida County
Marcy Houses, a Housing project in Brooklyn. It is also the former home of rap mogul Jay-Z.
Marcy Correctional Facility, a prison in Marcy, NY
Marcy Avenue (BMT Jamaica Line), a station on the New York City Subway J/Z lines
Marcy Park (disambiguation), which can refer to several parks
Marcy, Aisne
Marcy, Nièvre
Marcy, Rhône
Marcy-l'Étoile, Rhône
Marcy-sous-Marle, Aisne
Marcy potato, A variety of hybrid potato developed in 1990
Marcia (given name)
Kent High School could refer to the following schools:
Kent-Meridian High School in Kent, Washington, which was originally known as Kent High School
Theodore Roosevelt High School in Kent, Ohio, also originally known as Kent High School
Kent City High School in Kent City, Michigan
Kent Island High School in Stevensville, Maryland
New Kent High School in New Kent, Virginia
Kent Street Senior High School in Kensington, Western Australia
Ellame En Rasathan is a 1995 Tamil drama film directed by Rajkiran. The film features Rajkiran, Sangita and Roopa Sri in lead roles. The film, produced by Rajkiran, had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 14 April 1995. The film was a hit at the box-office. The film was remade in Telugu as Soggadi Pellam in 1996.
Singarasu (Rajkiran) comes to a village with his daughter. Singarasu looks for his wife's murderer and only his daughter witnessed the murderer Mookaiyan (Suriyan). Although, Mookaiyan follows them to kill the witness. The daughter of the village chief (Roopa Sri) falls in love with Singarasu.
In the past, Singarasu was the gram panchayat president : he was a rough and irresponsible man who played rummy, but he was a kind-hearted man. Mookaiyan, a rowdy, killed a newborn girl in the other village. Singarasu clashed with the other village's chief Ayya (Vittal Rao) because Singarasu was against newborn girl killing. To punish him, Singarasu kidnapped his daughter Raani (Sangita). Finally, the village's chief called the police and Mookaiyan was arrested. Then, Raani fell in love with Singarasu and refused to come back home. Singarasu got married with Raani but he still played rummy. Later, Singarasu decided to work hard and he became a respected man by the villagers. Mookaiyan, who was back from the jail, killed Raani.
Singarasu clearly objects to wed her and he is determined to punish the heartless Mookaiyan. What transpires later forms the crux of the story.
Rajkiran as Singarasu
Sangita as Raani
Roopa Sri
Vadivelu as Vadivelu
R. Sundarrajan
K. R. Vijaya as Singarasu's grandmother
Vittal Rao as Ayya
Suriyan as Mookaiyan
Periya Karuppu Thevar
Vellai Subbaiah
Kanal Kannan
Kollangudi Karuppayee
Bayilvan Ranganathan
Scissor Manohar
Baby Srilakshmi
Baby Anusha
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by film composer Ilaiyaraaja. The soundtrack, released in 1995, features 5 tracks with lyrics written by Vaali, Pulamaipithan and Ponnadiyan.
Ellame En Rasathan at the Internet Movie Database
Turbonilla circumsutura is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
To Encyclopedia of Life
To World Register of Marine Species
Zbrachlin [ˈzbraxlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Pruszcz, 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Świecie, 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz, and 40 km (25 mi) north-west of Toruń.
Route 169 begins south of Lac Saint-Jean, Quebec, Canada, at Route 175. It proceeds north to Lac Saint-Jean at Alma and encircles the lake, returning to Alma and its terminus in Hebertville.
Lac-Pikauba
Lac-Jacques-Cartier
Mont-Apica
Lac-Achouakan
Belle-Rivière
Hébertville
Métabetchouan–Lac-à-la-Croix
Desbiens
Chambord
Roberval
Saint-Prime
Saint-Félicien
Normandin
Albanel
Dolbeau-Mistassini
Sainte-Jeanne-d'Arc
Peribonka
Sainte-Monique
Saint-Henri-de-Taillon
Alma
Saint-Bruno
Hébertville-Station
List of Quebec provincial highways
Interactive Provincial Route Map (Transports Québec) (French)
Route 169 on Google Maps
Alexander Connell (February 8, 1900 – May 10, 1958) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Ottawa Senators, Detroit Falcons, New York Americans and Montreal Maroons teams in the National Hockey League. His nickname was "The Ottawa Fireman".
Connell joined the Senators for the 1924–25 season after the Senators dealt Clint Benedict (Ottawa's former number one goalie) to the Montreal Maroons. In 1927 he was one of the first goalies to record a 30–win season, the year that the original Ottawa Senators franchise won the last of their Stanley Cups. In the 1927–28 season he set the NHL record for the longest shutout streak at 461:29, by recording six consecutive shutouts, from January 31 to February 18, 1928.
The Ottawa team fell into decline after that and, while the Ottawa team was in hiatus for the 1931–32 season, he played for the Detroit Falcons under loan. He returned to the Senators after that until his first retirement after the 1932–33 season. He was named team captain for that season.
He played one game for the New York Americans in the next season as a substitute. He then returned to the NHL to play for the Montreal Maroons and won a Stanley Cup in 1935. As he was unable to gain a leave of absence from his job as Secretary of the Ottawa Fire Department, he retired again, but returned two seasons later with the Maroons.
His 1.91 career goals against average (GAA) is the all-time record among goaltenders of his era. He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1958.
He lived to see himself elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame, but died before his formal induction after a lengthy illness on May 10, 1958.
The Montreal Maroons: The Forgotten Stanley Cup Champions by William Brown
Find-A-Grave profile for Alex "The Ottawa Fireman" Connell
Alex Connell's biography at Legends of Hockey
Alec Connell's career statistics at The Internet Hockey Database
Amblyptilia forcipata is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is known from India (Sikkim and Darjeeling).
The wingspan is 18–19 millimetres (0.71–0.75 in).
The Holland with Boston by-election, 1937 was a parliamentary by-election held on 24 June 1937 for the British House of Commons constituency of Holland with Boston.
The seat had become vacant when the constituency's National Liberal Member of Parliament (MP), Sir James Blindell (1884 – 10 May 1937) died.
He was first elected as the constituency's MP at the Holland with Boston by-election, 1929, caused by the death of the Conservative MP Arthur Dean. Blindell overturned a Conservative majority of nearly 5,000 to win with a majority of 3,706. His victory was the last Liberal by-election gain until Torrington in 1958.
Blindell was re-elected as a Liberal at the 1929 general election, but in 1931 he was one of the Liberal MPs who broke with their party to support Ramsay MacDonald's National Government, eventually forming the National Liberal Party.
He was re-elected as a National Liberal at the 1931 general election and at the 1935 general election. In both elections, the Conservatives (who also supported the National Government) did not field a candidate against him, and he was returned with large majorities.
Two candidates were nominated. The list below is set out in descending order of the number of votes received at the by-election.
1. The National Liberal Party candidate, supporting the National government, was Herbert Walter Butcher (12 June 1901 - 11 May 1966). After winning the by-election he retained the seat until he retired in 1966, shortly before he died.
2. Representing the Labour Party was E.E. Reynolds. He had previously contested Holland with Boston in the 1935 general election.
Holland with Boston constituency
List of United Kingdom by-elections
United Kingdom by-election records
British Parliamentary Election Results 1918-1949, compiled and edited by F.W.S. Craig (Macmillan Press 1977)
Who's Who of British Members of Parliament, Volume III 1919-1945, edited by M. Stenton and S. Lees (Harvester Press 1979)
Who's Who of British Members of Parliament, Volume IV 1945-1979, edited by M. Stenton and S. Lees (Harvester Press 1981)
Jerusalem Mill Village is a living history museum that spans the 18th through early 20th centuries. One of the oldest and most intact mill villages in the U.S. state of Maryland, Jerusalem is located in Harford County, along the Little Gunpowder Falls River. It also serves as the headquarters of the Gunpowder Falls State Park. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 20, 1987. Also on the National Register of Historic Places and located nearby are Jericho Farm and the Jericho Covered Bridge.
The 318-acre (129 ha) tract of land called Jerusalem was patented to Nicholas Hampstead and John Walley in 1687. By 1743, the tract had been acquired by an ironmaster, Stephen Onion, and had been enlarged to 368 acres (149 ha) with several buildings. When Onion died in 1750, his nephew, Zacheas Barrett Onion, acquired the property. Onion engaged Isash Linton of Bucks County, Pennsylvania to come to Jerusalem to improve the existing ironworks and mill. Linton was joined by his family and partner David Lee. He eventually built eight water-powered mills along the Little Gunpowder. The fourth mill was completed in 1772 and is now the centerpiece of the living history park.
The village functioned at a Quaker village into the early 20th century. Evidence suggests that David Lee and several of his Quaker neighbors carved black walnut stocks and assembled rifles for the Continental army in the gunshop that stands behind the gristmill. During the Civil War, on July 11, 1864, Harry Gilmor stopped at the General Store in Jerusalem Mill, now popularly known as McCourtney's, capturing supplies and horses, as part of Gilmor's Raid.
After the Civil War, the buildings in the village were gradually leased out and sold. A succession of owners operated the gristmill until 1961, when it was then purchased by the State of Maryland to be part of the Gunpowder Falls State Park.
The historic buildings are maintained by the Maryland State Parks, volunteer support, and the Friends of Jerusalem Mill Village. Efforts are currently underway to stabilize and preserve the Lee Family's historic Bank Barn.
On April 10, 2016, a Blue Star Memorial Highway marker was dedicated at Jerusalem Mill, honoring those who served in the U.S. armed forces.
Jerusalem Mill Village, Harford County, including photo from 2002 and boundary map, Maryland Historical Trust website
Jerusalem Mill Village website
Jerusalem Grist Mill, Jerusalem Road vicinity, Little Gunpowder River, Jerusalem, Harford, MD at the Historic American Buildings Survey (HABS)
Omphalotus flagelliformis is a bioluminescent fungus native to Yunnan Province in southwestern China. Fruitbodies are reddish-brown to brown, with convex, flattened, or funnel-shaped caps typically 4–8 cm (1.6–3.1 in) in diameter. Described as new to science in 2013, the type collection was found the year previous in Kunming Botanical Garden at an elevation of 1,980 metres (6,500 ft). It was fruiting in a cluster around the base of a tree identified as being in the family Fagaceae. Molecular analysis suggests that Omphalotus flagelliformis is closely related to O. illudens and O. mexicanus. The specific epithet flagelliformis refers to the "flagelliform" (long, slender, and flexible) appendages of the cheilocystidia.
List of bioluminescent fungi
Omphalotus flagelliformis in Index Fungorum
Jim Marthinsen (born 15 April 1956) is a retired Norwegian ice hockey goaltender, who played for the club Vålerenga Ishockey and for the Norwegian national team. He participated at the Winter Olympics in 1980, 1984, 1992 and 1994. He was seven times Norwegian Champion with the club Vålerenga, and three times with Storhamar. He was awarded Gullpucken as best Norwegian ice hockey player two times.
Jim Marthinsen profile at Eurohockey.com
Tank Washington is an American rapper and emcee from Austin, Texas who has worked with artists like King Mez, GLC, Max Frost, Killa Kyleon, Dee-1, ST 2 Lettaz & Stunnaman.
Tank's first official release came with his brother Kydd Jones as a member of the hiphop group Impac in 2006 under the Austin independent music label Above All Entertainment with distribution from Tower Records' 33rd Street Records. In 2013, Washington released his first solo project, the 6 Shots EP, and performed as part of LNS Crew for Fun Fun Fun Fest. He was featured on the LNS Crew mixtape release during 2015; the year also marked his father's passing from lung cancer. In 2016, Tank Washington released his album PAIN and had his debut solo set as an official SXSW Showcase Artist.
6 Shots EP (2013)
PAIN (2016)
Miomantis nairobiensis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Miomantis in the order Mantodea, native to Africa.
It is named after the city of Nairobi in Kenya.
Mantodea of Africa
Brookville is an unincorporated community in Brookville Township, Ogle County, Illinois, USA.
Brookville is located on the western border of Brookville Township and Ogle County, just south of the intersection of U.S. Route 52 and Illinois Route 64, at an elevation of 781 feet. The city of Polo is about 7 miles to the southeast.
Kvam is a municipality in Hordaland county, Norway. The municipality is located along the Hardangerfjorden in the traditional district of Hardanger. The administrative centre of the municipality is the village of Norheimsund. Other larger settlements in the municipality include Øystese, Bru, Ålvik, Tørvikbygd, Omastranda, and Mundheim. The largest settlement in the municipality is the Norheimsund/Øystese urban area which has a population (2013) of 4,291. Historically, the municipality was named Vikør.
The Old Norse form of the name was Hvammr, identical with the word hvammr which means "(small) valley", possibly referring the Steinsdalen valley west of Norheimsund. Before 1912, the municipality was named Vikør, which comes from the Old Norse word Vikøyar. It was the name of the farm on which the old Vikøy Church was located.
The coat-of-arms is from modern times; they were granted on 27 November 1981. The blue and silver arms are designed to look like the Fyksesund, a narrow fjord in the municipality. The shape of the fjord is that it is narrower in the middle and this is symbolized in the design of the coat-of-arms.
The Church of Norway has four parishes (sokn) within the municipality of Kvam. It is part of the Hardanger og Voss deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
Kvam municipality borders the municipality of Voss to the north; Vaksdal, Samnanger, and Fusa to the west; Granvin to the east; and the Hardangerfjorden to the south. The Fyksesund fjord branches off the main fjord and heads north into the municipality. The Fyksesund Landscape Park surrounds the inner part of the Fyksesund, north of the Fyksesund Bridge. The largest lakes are Bjølsegrøvvatnet and Holmavatnet. In addition a portion of Hamlagrøvatnet is located in Kvam. The Kvamskogen plateau lies west of Norheimsund and is home to hundreds of holiday cabins. The Steinsdalsfossen waterfall, located in Steine is one of the most visited tourist attractions in Norway.
The old parish of Vikør was established as a municipality on 1 January 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt). According to the 1835 census, the parish had a population of 2,321. On 1 January 1882, a small area of Ullensvang municipality (population: 22) was transferred to Vikør. In 1912, the municipality changed its name from "Vikør" to "Kvam".
On 1 January 1965, there were many major municipal changes in Norway due to the decisions of the Schei Committee. The Åsgrenda area on the Folgefonna peninsula (population: 61) was moved from Kvam to neighboring Ullensvang municipality. On the same date, Kvam also gained a considerable amount of territory, making it a much larger municipality. The following places were merged, giving the new Kvam municipality a population of 9,119.
Most of Kvam municipality (population: 6,759) except for Åsegrenda which was moved to Ullensvang
The part of Jondal municipality that was located on the northwest side of the Hardangerfjord, around the village of Tørvikbygd (population: 515)
Most of Strandebarm municipality (population: 1,545), except for the Kysnesstranda area which went to Jondal
The Mundheim area of Varaldsøy (population: 300).
All municipalities in Norway, including Kvam, are responsible for primary education (through 10th grade), outpatient health services, senior citizen services, unemployment and other social services, zoning, economic development, and municipal roads. The municipality is governed by a municipal council of elected representatives, which in turn elect a mayor.
In 2007, Kvam participated in a trial where the mayor was directly elected. The sitting mayor, Astrid Selsvold, won the election with 26.7% of the votes.
The municipal council (Kommunestyre) of Kvam is made up of 27 representatives that are elected to every four years. For 2011–2015, the party breakdown is as follows:
Jon Flatabø (1846–1930), writer
Jon Fosse, a Norwegian author and dramatist
Valgerd Svarstad Haugland, a Norwegian teacher, politician and civil servant
Per Øyvind Heradstveit, a Norwegian television journalist and non-fiction writer
Svein Rosseland, a Norwegian astrophysicist and a pioneer in the field of theoretical astrophysics
Geirr Tveitt, a central figure of the national movement in Norwegian cultural life during the 1930s
Aguas Calientes (Jujuy) is a town and municipality in Jujuy Province in Argentina.
Aguas Calientes is located at 567 meters above sea level and 60 km south of San Salvador de Jujuy.
Aguas Calientes (Jujuy) has a sedimentary Paleozoic "base", appearing through tecto-erosive vents. They form the core of the mountains, intermittently overlying a Meso-Cenozoic sedimentary cover. This sedimentary complex evolved in successive cycles, mostly marine. "Yacoraite formation" minerals are made up of dolomitic, travertine and argonite limestones.
Toyism is a contemporary art movement that originated in the 1990s in Emmen. The word symbolises the playful character of the artworks and the philosophy behind it. The suffix ‘ism’ refers to motion or movements that exist in both the world of art and religion. Nevertheless, the game of Toyism is a serious matter that shows a new, critical and sensitive perspective on our present-day world.
Toyism as art movement is a reaction on the post-modern world of individualism, which existed in the 1970s through the 1990s, the era in which “everything is allowed”. The name originated in 1990 when Toyist Dejo made a graphic work which was titled "Escape of computer spiders " . It was this work and later similar works that were the origin of the style at the beginning of the nineties. However, it took another two years before this resulted in a manifest. On September the 5th 1992 artist and musician Dejo (pseudonym) from Emmen writes a manifesto called Mother and introduces Toyism to the audience.
Toyism can be split in two different periods, the period 1992 until 2000 and 2002 until the present.
A couple of months after the manifesto was written, two other artists form Emmen joined the movement. In the first period mostly the themes were worked out in a surrealistic manner and the returning presence of fixed icons (computer, space shuttle and teddy-bear) in their paintings. These icons represented the attending artists. The first exhibition was on February 24, 1993 in Het Veenpark. One year after the foundation work was exhibited in New York. At the base was a figurative style with uniform areas of colour and simplistic elements that where inspired by Super Mario and the game console Nintendo. After the triumvirate fell apart, founder Dejo decided to make a world-trip and gets inspired to make Toyism more international and open.
After his world-trip Dejo rewrote the manifesto and gave other artists access to join the movement. As from 2002 the group of artists grows exponentially and artists from every corner of the earth decide to participate (Thailand, South Africa, Malaysia, United States, Iceland, Mexico, Peru, Italy, Australia, Canada, Belgium, the Netherlands, Romania).
Present day the toyists have created 777 works of art, varying from paintings to sculptures and buildings. The toyists had a permanent studio/gallery in Emmen until 2015. In the same year they relocated their headquarters to the city of Groningen. They now have a gallery in Villa Heymans next to the Groninger Museum.
The philosophy of Toyism is that the artists operate as a collective, instead of separate individuals, hence one toyist cannot be seen as more important or famous than the other. There is no rivalry among the artists. The evident message they carry out is that the artworks count, not the artist itself that has created it. Although the artists do make their own art, in many occasions the toyists work together, which means that the produced artwork cannot be attributed to a single artist.
The secret manifesto Mother contains a palette of ingredients from which mainly paintings, but lately also sculptures, silkscreens, jewelry and glass art emerge. The manifesto is only meant to be read by the attending artists. The artworks can be seen as children of Mother and one or more parents (the artists). A parent can be either a man or a woman, or even more artists representing one parent next to Mother. This can be established because of the anonymous characteristics of the parents, they operate by using a pseudonym hiding their real identity for the audience. Every parent mixes ideas and characteristics with properties of Mother. This strongly connects the children, after all they arose from Mother.
Every toyist that joins the group chooses a pseudonym (pen name) starting with one of the available letters from the alphabet, a letter not yet in use by another toyist. This means that the group cannot represented by more than 26 artists. Every single toyist chooses a so-called puppet, an icon representing the artist. By means of this puppet the toyist has its own face towards the public, although he or she is in fact faceless. Toyists never expose their human face (on photo or camera), instead they wear masks to cover their identity.
All the toyists, under their pseudonyms, that have been/or still are part of the movement:
Figurative
Story telling
Colours do not mix, they stand out against each other
Dots
Excellent craftsmanship
Contemporary subjects
Joyful at first sight, but often with a serious undertone
In 2004 this game concept is devised. Two artists battle against each other and by doing so together they create a composition. Based on existing games like Tic-tac-toe, Chess and Four-in-a-row two main themes (and when applicable sub-themes) are worked out by the participating artists. Mostly the complete artwork consists of separate pieces of art that can be joined together differently, visualising different game situations.
On July 14, 2009 the group is ventured upon an extensive project: painting a spherical gas storage container, being 22 meters in height and 1250 square meters in surface, situated in Emmen, Netherlands. The toyists transformed this object within 9 months (6000 hours) into a colourful artwork called The Dot tells the story about Live with Energy.
A Ford Ka has been transformed to a driving artwork which has been moving around the town of Emmen and eventually was bought by a private person during a public sale.
In 2010 the Elephant Parade was held in Emmen, the same year in which Dierenpark Emmen was celebrating its 75th anniversary. For this occasion the toyists designed "E-Phant" (Energy-Phant). Being an extension of the "Living with Energy" project, E-Phant is equipped with solar collectors in its ears, with which batteries are charged during daytime and twenty surrounding LED lights per ear shine when it gets dark.
In 2012 the toyists started to completely transform Hotel Ten Cate in Emmen to a huge piece of art. On May 16, 2012 the official reveal took place. The facade was changed into a gigantic painting called 'Dreams for Breakfast'. Inside the hotel one room was changed into a piece of art in which people can go to sleep. In October of the same year another six hotel rooms were delivered and there are more to follow in the coming years. The rooms are not only subject to painting, but their floor-covering and curtains are also revised accordingly. Every room has its own theme, for example ‘Savanne – The Dreaming Lion’, ‘Cinema – Charley Playing the Piano’, ‘Bal Masqué – Hide and Seek’, ‘Underwaterworld – Secrets of the Ocean’.
A neglected water tower situated in Keflavík, Iceland has been transformed magically by the toyists. The colourful story shown on this object represents the legend of Uppspretta. The project was realised during the summer of 2013, enduring very bad weather 11 toyists completed this task in only 6 weeks. With Uppspretta the toyists have done their first step abroad as an artistic collective.
The toyists are represented by 'Toyisme Studio' in Groningen.
1993 - The Fairy Tale of the Toyists
1996 - The History of the Toyists
2004 - The Building Blocks of the Toyists
2004 - Playing Dice with the Toyists
2004 - Invasion of the Toyists
2005 - Let the Games Begin
2007 - Art through the Mind of a Toyist
2011 - Connecting the Dots
2011 - The Toyists have landed
2012 - Toyism Behind the Mask
2013 - Toyism Making History
2013 - More Art by Printing
2014 - Uppspretta
"Until now, every artist has played an individual game within his own composition. Now the compositions have become the starting point for everyone, so that the work of two artists can be combined into one work of art via certain rules of play."
"What I find even more interesting is the contemporary sense of Toyism. We live in an era of individualism with egocentric characteristics. The toyists present themselves as a group. That is exactly what distinguishes them from the rest."
"Establish the framework. Determine the playing field. Come to clear agreements (...) In contrast to what is often believed, agreements and strict rules need not interfere with the pleasure or the creative process. Drawing the lines during the game and knowing the boundaries of the playing field, handling restrictions creatively and attempting to obtain the maximum out of yourself and the game, those are things that toyists know all about. Actually, that’s what it’s all about for them"
"There are countless artists, but countable are those who are on the leading edge."
The Dot (Toyism)
Uppspretta
www.toyisten.nl
toyism.biz
(Dutch)‘Hotel in Emmen veranderd in groot schilderij’
ef>
Aaron Lester (born 16 May 1973) is a New Zealand former rugby league player. His position of preference was at Hooker.
His brother, Stuart, played for Wigan.
A Junior Kiwi in 1992, Lester went on to play for the New Zealand Residents in 1994. An Ellerslie junior, he played for the Auckland City Vulcans in the Lion Red Cup in 1994 before being signed to an Auckland Warriors development contract. He debuted for the Warriors in the Australian Rugby League competition in 1996. He played 3 first grade games for the club, starting all of them at Hooker, however he was not re-signed for the 1997 season.
Instead Lester moved to England, signing for the Whitehaven where he was to become a legend. He went on play for the club for over ten years and formed a strong combination with fellow Kiwis David Fatialofa and Leroy Joe. Lester was the captain of the side from 2000 until his retirement. He led the side to their first ever final in 2004 when Whitehaven made the National League 1 Grand Final. Injury, including a broken arm in 2006, slowed him down in later years. He finally announced his retirement at the end of the 2007 season. New coach Ged Stokes talked to Lester about coming out of retirement for the 2008 season, however he decided against it.
Aaron Lester is a Whitehaven Hall Of Fame Inductee. He was named at hooker in Whitehaven's Immortals team.
Major-General Sir George Bourchier KCB (1821–1898) served in the Bengal Army (one of three armies that made up the British Indian Army).
Bourchier was the son of the Reverend Edward Bourchier and was educated at the Addiscombe Military Seminary.
He entered the Bengal Artillery in 1838 and took part in the Gwalior Campaign 1843–1844. He was stationed at Punniar.
During the Indian Mutiny he commanded a battery at Trimmu Ghat and was present at the siege and capture of Delhi. He was at Bulandshahr, Alighar, and Agra with Sir Colin Campbell for the relief of Lucknow and at Cawnpur.
He was commissioned a Brevet Colonel and C.B.. From 1864 to 1866. he commanded the Royal Artillery in Bhutan. In 1871, he commanded the East Frontier District, and in 1871 to 1872 he commanded the Cachar column in the Lushai Expedition. He was award the K.C.B. in 1852 and promoted to Major-General. He died on 15 March 1898.
Euphalacra postmediangulata is a moth in the Drepanidae family. It was described by Holloway in 1998. It is found on Borneo and Peninsular Malaysia.
The Sand Mandala (Tibetan: དཀྱིལ་འཁོར།, Wylie: dkyil 'khor; Chinese: 沙坛城; pinyin: Shā Tánchéng) is a Tibetan Buddhist tradition involving the creation and destruction of mandalas made from coloured sand. A sand mandala is ritualistically dismantled once it has been completed and its accompanying ceremonies and viewing are finished to symbolize the Buddhist doctrinal belief in the transitory nature of material life.
Historically, the mandala was not created with natural, dyed sand, but granules of crushed coloured stone. In modern times, plain white stones are ground down and dyed with opaque inks to achieve the same effect. The monks use a special, extremely dense sand in order to limit interference by things like wind or sneezes. Before laying down the sand, the monks assigned to the project will draw the geometric measurements associated with the mandala. The sand granules are then applied using small tubes, funnels, and scrapers, called chak-pur until the desired pattern over-top is achieved. Sand mandalas traditionally take several weeks to build due to the large amount of work involved in laying down the sand in such intricate detail. It is common that a team of monks will work together on the project, creating one section of the diagram at a time, working from the centre outwards.
The Kalachakra Mandala for instance, contains 722 deities portrayed within the complex structure and geometry of the mandala itself. Other smaller mandalas, like the one attributed to Vajrabhairava contain significantly fewer deities and require less geometry, but still take several days to complete. Like all mandalas, these are meant as two-dimensional representations of what is supposed to be a three-dimensional environment. There are two particular cases where a three-dimensional mandala can be experienced: Borobodur in Java, Indonesia, and Angkor Wat in Siem Reap, Cambodia.
Many sand mandala contain a specific outer locality which is clearly identified as a charnel ground.
The colours for the painting are usually made with naturally coloured sand, crushed gypsum (white), yellow ochre, red sandstone, charcoal, and a mixture of charcoal and gypsum (blue). Mixing red and black can make brown, red and white make pink. Other colouring agents include corn meal, flower pollen, or powdered roots and bark.
The destruction of a sand mandala is also highly ceremonial. Even the deity syllables are removed in a specific order along with the rest of the geometry until at last the mandala has been dismantled. The sand is collected in a jar which is then wrapped in silk and transported to a river (or any place with moving water), where it is released back into nature. This symbolizes the ephemerality of life and the world.
Losang Samten
Sandpainting
Video of Sand Mandala deconstruction ritual by the Drepung Loseling Monastery monks
Image gallery of the construction of a five-and-a-half foot Medicine Buddha sand mandala
Time-lapse photography of sand mandala
The 2015–16 Atlanta Hawks season was the 66th season of the franchise in the National Basketball Association (NBA) and the 48th in Atlanta.
In the off-season, the Hawks introduced a new logo and uniforms for the season.
In the regular season, the Hawks came 12 games short of tying their franchise-best 60–22 record from their previous season. They defeated the Boston Celtics in the opening round, but were swept in four games by the LeBron James-led Cleveland Cavaliers in the next round.
June 25: The 2015 NBA Draft took place at Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York.
July 1: 2015 NBA free agency begins.
November 24: The Atlanta Hawks would retire Dikembe Mutombo's number 55.
Ropočevo (Serbian: Ропочево) is a village in the municipality of Sopot, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 2363 people.
Marinelli is a surname of Italian origin, and may refer to:
Carlos Marinelli, Argentinian footballer
Danko Marinelli, Croatian alpine skier
Giancarlo Marinelli, Italian basketball player
Giovanni Marinelli, Italian Fascist political leader
Jacques Marinelli, French cyclist
Joe Marinelli, US-American actor
Karl von Marinelli, Austrian actor, theatre manager and playwright
Leonardo Marinelli, Italian commander for the Guardia di Finanza
Leonidas D. Marinelli, Argentinian American radiologist and inventor
Luca Marinelli, Italian actor
Lynn Marinelli, County Legislator in Erie County, New York
Matthew Marinelli, American professional wrestler
Rod Marinelli, football coach
Marinelli Beaker
Marinelli Field
Marinelli Glacier
Marinelli Bell Foundry, Italy's pontifical foundry, founded in 1339.
Fina may refer to:
Fina, a character in the Skies of Arcadia video game
FINA, the International Swimming Federation
FINA, the North American Forum on Integration (Le Forum sur l'Intégration Nord-Américaine)
Fina (architecture) in Mediterranean architecture is the 1-meter-wide public space alongside buildings.
Trenbolone, an anabolic steroid
It may also refer to:
Petrofina, Belgian petroleum company (known as FINA in the United States and the United Kingdom)
Saint Fina, a 13th-century saint
Bohol Deaf Academy (BDA) located in Tagbilaran City, Bohol, is private, coed, residential high school for deaf students. It was established in 2005 and specializes in advanced academic and vocational instruction for college and work-bound students.
BDA is the only private school for the deaf in Bohol, and is recognized by the Philippine Department of Education as a "school of excellence". All of BDA's students receive partial or full scholarships—the only residential high school in the region with such status.
The school is unique in the Philippines for offering a "Vocational Oriented" curriculum, which reserves 2 days per week for vocational skills training, as well as on-the-job training with IDEA, Philippines, the largest private employer of deaf people in the country. This relationship allows for internships in Dao Diamond Hotel—the only deaf-run hotel in the Philippines, the Garden cafe, a restaurant employing deaf adults, established in 1984, and the IDEA construction team.
BDA is also the only high school in the country with a deaf Principal, deaf vocational and academic teachers, and deaf maintenance personnel.
Completed in 2005, BDA was constructed by deaf masons, carpenters, painters, and welders from IDEA.
To learn more about Bohol Deaf Academy, click here: [1]
For more information on the Bohol Deaf Community, please read [2]
International Deaf Education Association
Bohol Deaf Academy official website
IDEA website
Dao Diamond Hotel Website
Czech alexandrine (in Czech český alexandrín) is a verse form found in Czech poetry of the 20th century. It is a metre based on French alexandrine. The most important features of the pattern are number of syllables (twelve or thirteen) and a caesura after the sixth syllable. It is an unusual metre, exhibiting characteristics of both syllabic and syllabotonic (accentual-syllabic) metre. Thus it occupies a transitional position between syllabic and accentual patterns of European versification. It stands out from the background of modern Czech versification, which is modeled chiefly after German practice.
The Czech alexandrine is also metrically ambiguous because of its accentuation, which can reflect the rhythms of iambic hexameter, dactylic tetrameter, and combinations thereof. Compared with iambic hexameter and dactylic tetrameter, the Czech alexandrine preserves all constants between the two, and allows the rhythms of either to emerge:
iambic hexameter:    s S s S s S | s S s S s S (s)
dactylic tetrameter: S s s S s s | S s s S s s (s)
Czech alexandrine:   o o s S s o | o o s S s o (s)
S=stressed syllable; s=unstressed syllable; o=either.
The Czech alexandrine allows these two rhythms run parallel to each other; sometimes the first is stronger, other times the second.
In the Czech language the first syllable of every lexical word or prepositional phrase is always stressed, so rhythmical units are: s, S, Ss, Sss, Ssss. A great advantage of the Czech alexandrine is that it can be built of any words (or phrases). A half-line can be composed of 1-syllable words (stressed or unstressed), 2-syllable words, 3-syllable words, and 4-syllable words. Possible combinations in the first half-line (with | separating words) include: s|Ss|Ss|S, s|Ss|Sss, Sss|Ss|S, Sss|Sss — for the second half-line: s|Ss|Ss|S, s|Ss|Sss, Sss|Ss|S, Sss|Sss, s|Ss|Ss|Ss, Sss|SsSs, s|Ss|Ssss, Sss|Ssss. Czech poets usually use both masculine and feminine alexandrine lines, but sometimes they choose to apply only one kind.
The first poet to use Czech alexandrine (in his poem, "May") was Karel Hynek Mácha, considered to be the greatest Czech poet. Although the discussed metre was theoretically fully iambic, he inserted many trisyllabic word into its lines:
   S s s  S s s | S s  s   S s   S
V jezeru zeleném bílý je ptáků sbor,
s  S  s     S  s  S |s  S   s  S  s s s
a lehkých člůnků běh i rychlé veslování
The variation in rhythms can be heard in a formally equivalent paraphrase:
"Hrál kdosi na hoboj" ("Somebody played oboe") by Karel Hlaváček is a short poem in Czech alexandrines:
Many poets used the Czech alexandrine in the 20th century, both in original works and in translations. Among them there were Vítězslav Nezval, Jiří Orten, Ivan Blatný, Vladimír Holan and Oldřich Vyhlídal.
The caesura formula is a good base for enjambment. Sometimes a sentence runs from caesura to next caesura, as in "The Seventh Elegy" by Jiří Orten:
Polish alexandrine
Jacek Baluch, Norma i konwencja translatorska jako kryterium oceny przekładu, [in:] Z teorii i historii przekładu artystycznego, Kraków 1974, p.37-46.
Miroslav Červenka, Český alexandrin, Česká literatura 41, 1993, no. 5, pp. 459–513 (in Czech).
Miroslav Červenka, О semantyce czeskiego aleksandrynu, [in:] Wiersz i poezja,. Ossolineum, Wrocław 1966, pp. 21-32.
Miroslav Červenka, Květa Sgallová, Petr Kaiser, Hlavní česká přízvučná metra v 19. století,[in:] Słowiańska metryka porównawcza VI. Europejskie wzorce metryczne w literaturach słowiańskich, Warszawa 1995, pp. 75–144.
Robert Ibrahim, Český alexandrín jako náhrada řeckého a latinského hexametru a pentametru, http://versologie.cz/pdf/studie/ri2009.pdf.
GBLA-11 is a constituency of Gilgit Baltistan Legislative Assembly which is currently represented by Imran Nadeem of PPP.
Raja Azam Khan MQM became member of assembly by getting 10,520 votes. It was only seat won by MQM in 2009 election.
Imran Nadeem of PPP won this seat by getting 10,422 votes.It is only seat won by Peoples Party in 2015 elections.
Fleur Pellerin (French pronunciation: ​[flœʁ pɛl.ʁɛ̃]; born 29 August 1973) is a French Socialist politician who served as French government minister from 2012 to 2016.
Pellerin was born in 1973 in Seoul, South Korea, where she was abandoned on the streets only three or four days' old before being rescued by an orphanage; six months later she was adopted by a French family. According to her adoption records she was called Kim Jong-Suk (김종숙, 金鍾淑), although it is unclear how she came by that name.
Pellerin graduated from ESSEC business school (Master's degree in Management) while she was just 21. She then graduated from Sciences Po (MPA) before attending the École nationale d'administration (ENA). She joined the French Court of Auditors where she rose to become a high-ranking civil servant. She then took charge of society and digital economy issues for François Hollande in his successful 2012 French presidential election campaign.
In July 2012, she publicly announced her opposition to the sale of massive surveillance technologies causing quite a stir in French political circles since France is one of the biggest sellers of such technology.
Pellerin is married to Laurent Olléon, also an ENA graduate, who works for the Council of State providing legal advice to the French government.
Adoption in France
Korean adoptee
www.culturecommunication.gouv.fr
Rene the Cane (French: René la Canne, Italian: Tre simpatiche carogne) is a 1977 French-Italian crime film directed by Francis Girod and starring Sylvia Kristel and Gérard Depardieu.
It was released in France in 1977 and recorded admissions of 534,714.
Gérard Depardieu : René Bornier
Sylvia Kristel : Krista
Michel Piccoli : Inspector Marchand
Stefano Patrizi : Gino
Riccardo Garrone : Karl
Jacques Jouanneau : Fourgue
Jean Rigaux : Vieuchêne
Orchidea De Santis : Kim
Venantino Venantini : Carlo
Valérie Mairesse : Martine
Jean Carmet : Cannes Police Commissioner
Maria van der Meer : Krista's Mother
Annie Walther : Martha
Doris Walther : Bretzel
Georges Conchon
Évelyne Bouix
Catherine Castel
Marie-Pierre Castel
Rene the Cane at the Internet Movie Database
Con 'Callan' O'Callaghan was an Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Redmonds and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team for one season in 1892.
O'Callaghan played his club hurling with the famous Redmonds club and enjoyed some success. He won a county senior championship title in 1892.
O'Callaghan first came to prominence on the inter-county scene with Cork as part of the Redmond's selection in 1892. That year he lined out in his first provincial decider with All-Ireland champions Kerry providing the opposition. An exciting game developed, however, at full-time Cork were the champions by 5-3 to 2-5. It was O'Callaghan's first, and only, Munster title. Cork's next game was an All-Ireland final meeting with Dublin. The game was a controversial one as referee Dan Fraher changed his mind after initially awarding a goal to Cork. He eventually decided that the GAA's Central Council should decide the matter. Dublin, however, had walked off the field and, because of this, Cork were awarded the title. It gave O'Callaghan a coveted All-Ireland title.
Corry, Eoghan, The GAA Book of Lists (Hodder Headline Ireland, 2005).
Cronin, Jim, A Rebel Hundred: Cork's 100 All-Ireland Titles.
Donegan, Des, The Complete Handbook of Gaelic Games (DBA Publications Limited, 2005).
Stan Keery (9 September 1931 – 7 March 2013) was an English professional footballer who played as a wing half.
Born in Derby, Keery played for Blackburn Rovers, Shrewsbury Town, Newcastle United, Mansfield Town and Crewe Alexandra, making a total of 341 appearances in the Football League. He died on 7 March 2013.
"Bullet" is the second single released by the horror punk band the Misfits. The four tracks comprising the single were recorded, along with thirteen others, in early 1978 for the proposed Static Age album. When the band could not find a record label to release the album, they instead released four of the songs as "Bullet" on singer Glenn Danzig's label Plan 9 Records. The songs were re-released in different versions over subsequent years, until Static Age was finally released in its entirety in 1997.
In August 1977 The Misfits released their debut single "Cough/Cool" on Blank Records, a label operated by singer Glenn Danzig. Several months later Mercury Records issued a Pere Ubu record on their own Blank Records imprint, unaware that Danzig held a trademark on the name. They offered him thirty hours of studio time in exchange for the rights to the Blank Records name, which he accepted. In January and February 1978 the Misfits, then consisting of Danzig, guitarist Franché Coma, bassist Jerry Only, and drummer Mr. Jim, recorded seventeen songs at C.I. Recordings in New York City with engineer and producer Dave Achelis. Because of the time constraints they recorded the songs live in the studio with only a few takes each and very few overdubs. They mixed fourteen of them with Achelis for their proposed first album, to be titled Static Age. However, the band were unable to find a record label interested in releasing the album, and instead released four of the tracks as the "Bullet" single in June 1978 on Danzig's new label Plan 9 Records.
The song "Bullet" references the 1963 assassination of John F. Kennedy, with sexually explicit lyrics directed at his wife Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis: "Texas is an outrage when your husband is dead/Texas is an outrage when they pick up his head/Texas is the reason that the President's dead/You gotta suck, suck, Jackie, suck". The post-hardcore band Texas Is the Reason took their name from this line.
The first pressing of "Bullet" consisted of 1,000 copies on black 7" vinyl with a gatefold cover and lyrics sheet. These copies had "distributed by Ork" printed on the back sleeve, as a distribution deal with Ork Records had been planned, but distribution through Ork never took place. A second pressing of 2,000 on red vinyl had a different back cover, removing the band photo and mention of Ork and replacing it with artwork of a bullet hole and the words "better dead on red". 7,000 additional copies were later pressed on black vinyl with the same cover as the second pressing.
All four songs from "Bullet" were reissued on the Beware EP in January 1980, and a live version of "We Are 138" appeared on the Evilive EP in 1982. The compilation album Misfits (1986), released three years after the band's breakup, included "Bullet" and "Hollywood Babylon", while Collection II (1995) included "We Are 138" and "Attitude".
The Misfits box set in 1996 presented the complete Static Age album for the first time, including all four tracks from the "Bullet" single. Static Age was also released as a separate album that July.
"Bullet" was covered by Refused for the "Children In Heat" compilation, and The Hellacopters covered it on the tribute album Hell on Earth: A Tribute to the Misfits (2000). Entombed also covered "Hollywood Babylon" on the same album. "Attitude" was covered by Sum 41, The Slackers, and Guns N' Roses.
All songs written and composed by Glenn Danzig. 
Glenn Danzig – vocals
Franché Coma – guitar, backing vocals
Jerry Only – bass guitar, backing vocals
Mr. Jim – drums
Dave Achelis – engineering
Rich Flores – mastering
Misfits discography
David C. Kelly is an associate professor of mathematics at Hampshire College in Amherst, Massachusetts. He holds an AB from Princeton, an SM from MIT, and an AM from Dartmouth; and has taught at New College, Oberlin, and Talladega College. In 1971 he founded the Hampshire College Summer Studies in Mathematics (HCSSiM), a six-week program for mathematically talented high school students, and has been directing the program ever since.
During his time at Princeton in the early 1960s, Kelly and fellow student Michael Spivak created "Yellow Pig's Day," an annual celebration of mathematics and the number 17. He continues to be involved in the organization of the holiday each year, commemorating the day with food, songs, a reunion, and mathematics. He is quite familiar with many of the properties of the number 17, and gives a special lecture on the subject each summer.
Faculty biography
David Kelly at the Mathematics Genealogy Project
David C. Kelly at Hampmedia
Hampshire College Summer Studies in Mathematics
The Battle of Głogów or Defense of Głogów (German: Schlacht bei Glogau, Polish: Obrona Głogowa) was fought on 24 August 1109 at the Silesian town of Głogów, between the Kingdom of Poland and the Holy Roman Empire. Recorded by the medieval chronicler Gallus Anonymus it is one of the most well known battles in Polish history. The Polish forces were led by Duke Bolesław III Wrymouth, while the Imperial forces were under command of King Henry V of Germany. Bolesław was victorious.
After a long-term rivalry within the ruling Piast dynasty, Bolesław III in 1107 had finally expelled his elder half-brother and co-ruler Duke Zbigniew from Poland. Zbigniew fled to the Holy Roman Empire where he sought help from King Henry V. The king however did not take action, as he was stuck in an inner-Hungarian rivalry, supporting the Árpád prince Álmos against his brother King Coloman, and had started an armed expedition to Bratislava (Pozsony).
Henry tangled with Bolesław, when the Polish duke, loyal to King Coloman, took the occasion to campaign in the Bohemian lands in 1108: as soon as the Bohemian duke Svatopluk heard of the invasion, he left the Imperial army to oust the Polish troops. Left alone, King Henry was forced to abandon his Hungarian campaign.
Chafing under this defeat, Henry finally associated himself with Zbigniew and requested Bolesław to reinstate his half-brother as co-ruler, as well as to pay an annual tribute to the Empire. The Polish duke categorically rejected both demands. The next year the German forces gathered at Erfurt, crossed the Polish border near Krosno on the Bóbr river and on St. Bartholomew's Day approached the fortified town of Głogów (Svatopluk's troops arrived in September). At first they defeated a Polish garrison which was stationed near the town, while Bolesław rushed from his battle against the Pomeranians at Nakło.
According to Gallus' Gesta principum Polonorum, King Henry resorted to lay siege to Głogów but granted its citizens a five-day ceasefire to ask their king for permission to surrender. He allegedly even made the townsmen give up their children as hostages as a guarantee of the ceasefire and promised to give them back alive no matter what Bolesław's answer would be.
The Polish duke however had no intention to hand over the city and ordered the defense of Głogów. After the five days were up, King Henry began to barrage the town. Breaking his promise, he chained the child hostages to his siege engines, hoping that the people of Głogów would not shoot their own offspring, which would allow him to conquer the Polish settlement. However, Gallus stated that his cruelty towards children only strengthened the resolve of Głogów's defenders. Several harsh attacks by the Imperial army were repulsed, while Henry suffered significant losses by Polish guerilla warriors. After many days of unsuccessful fighting, the king was forced to abandon the siege and march south.
King Henry's campaign turned out to be a complete failure, when it ended in Bolesław's final victory at the Battle of Hundsfeld (Psie Pole). Duke Svatopluk was assassinated - probably by Bohemian Vršovci liensmen - still at the Głogów camp on September 21. His successor Vladislaus reconciled with Bolesław, whereafter Zbigniew was able to return to Poland in 1111, only to be arrested and blinded by his half-brother shortly afterwards. Bolesław's position towards the Empire was strengthened, and in the following years he was able to consolidate his rule in Pomerania and Lubusz Land. It was not until 1157, when Emperor Frederick Barbarossa in aid of the Silesian duke Władysław II the Exile launched a successful campaign to the Polish lands.
After centuries-long ambivalent relations with Germany, the successful defense and the tradition of Henry's cruelty had evolved to a key element in the memory of the Polish nation. A first memorial stone was erected by the Głogów citizens on the occasion of the 850th anniversary of the battle in 1959. On 1 September 1979 a large Socialist Realistic memorial to the Głogów children was inaugurated to commemorate not only the 870th anniversary but also the 40th memorial day of the German Invasion of Poland.
The Battle of Głogów is commemorated on the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, Warsaw, with the inscription "GLOGOW 1109".
Battle of Głogów
Muhammad Amin al-Astarabadi (died 1623-24 or 1626-7) was an Iranian theologian and founder or proponent of the conservative (akhbari) strand in Twelver Shi'a Islamic belief, that is, those who favor hadith over fatwās.
Astarabadi saw himself as a "reviver" of a lost tradition. He was followed by a number of scholars who explicitly identified themselves with the akhbari. These scholars called for the return to the hadith sources, in a belief that the words and actions of the imams were readily seen, but had been corrupted by centuries of excessive commentary.
Newman, Andrew J. (1992) "The Nature of the Akhbari/Usuli Dispute in Late Safawid Iran, Part 2: The Conflict Reassessed" Bulletin of the School of Oriental and African Studies University of London 55(2): pp. 250–261
Gleave, Robert (2004) "Akhbariyya" Encyclopedia of Islam and the Muslim World (ed. Richard C. Martin) Vol. 1, Macmillan Reference USA, New York, ISBN 0-02-865912-0
Gleave, Robert (2007) Scripturalist Islam: the history and doctrines of the Akhbari Shi'i school Brill Academic, Leiden, ISBN 978-90-04-15728-6
The Great Concert of Cecil Taylor is a live album by Cecil Taylor recorded in St. Paul de Vence, Nice, on July 29, 1969, and released on the Prestige label in 1977 as a 3-LP set. The album was originally released as Nuits de la Fondation Maeght on the French Shandar label as a box set, as three separate LPs in 1971. It features a performance by Taylor with Jimmy Lyons, Sam Rivers and Andrew Cyrille.
The Allmusic review by Ron Wynn states "Three discs of amazing playing".
All compositions by Cecil Taylor.
"Second Act Of A (Part 1)" - 21:17
"Second Act Of A (Part 2)" - 20:51
"Second Act Of A (Part 3)" - 18:08
"Second Act Of A (Part 4)" - 16:11
"Second Act Of A (Part 5)" - 12:45
"Second Act Of A (Part 6)" - 20:38
Recorded in St. Paul de Vence, Nice, on July 29, 1969
Cecil Taylor: piano
Jimmy Lyons: alto saxophone
Sam Rivers: soprano saxophone, tenor saxophone
Andrew Cyrille: drums
The Richeiu River is a tributary of the Urlăţelu River in Romania.
Harta Munții Baiului [1]
Harta județului Prahova [2]
Audiogram is an independent record label founded in Quebec in the 1980s. The label represents performers who have contributed to and have marked Quebec's cultural scene. In the 1990s, Audiogram became home to many of the top local French artists and in 1993 expanded into the English-speaking Canadian market with Montreal rock group Gogh Van Go. By 1997, Audiogram had a full slate of multicultural and multilingual releases.
Official site (with audio excerpts)
List of Quebec record labels
List of Quebec musicians
Music of Quebec
Culture of Quebec
List of record labels
Nyströmøya is an island in Hinlopen Strait between Spitsbergen and Nordaustlandet, Svalbard. The island belongs to Vaigattøyane, and is located north of Wahlbergøya. The island is named after Swedish physician and politician Carl Nyström.
Accinctapubes apicalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Accinctapubes. It was described by Schaus in 1906, and is known from southern Mexico, Brazil, Bolivia, Ecuador, and Venezuela.
Alina Fyodorova (Ukrainian: Аліна Федорова) (born 31 July 1989) is a Ukrainian athlete competing in heptathlon and women's pentathlon. She has achieved her personal best of 6126 points.
Fyodorova got 21st place at the 2011 World Championships in Daegu reaching 5908 points.
Alina Fyodorova profile at IAAF
The Battle of Martynów of 20 June 1624 refers to the engagement between the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth forces under hetman Stanisław Koniecpolski and the horde of Crimean Tatars under Khan Temir. Koniecpolski dealt a crushing defeat to Khan Temir's forces near Martynów (Мартинів). The victory at Martyniów was the biggest Polish victory over the Tatar raiders in a century.
In the spring of 1624 the Crimean Tatars began to organize another raid into the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth borderlands. The horde, led by Khan Temir, approached the Commonwealth in May, and hetman Stanisław Koniecpolski gathered forces to stop it. However, his army was numerically inferior, so that at first he could only carry out delaying actions. By 13 January when he received intelligence that the horde had begun to turn back, he had about 5,000 troops: 600 hussars, 1350 registered Cossacks cavalry, 650 additional Cossack cavalry, 1450 other light cavalry, 350 infantry, 450 nobles from pospolite ruszenie, and several light cannons. This force included several notable soldiers and commanders, such as Stefan Chmielecki, Jan Odrzywolski, Samuel Łaszcz, Paweł Czarniecki and Stefan Czarniecki. He sent some forces, including mobilized peasants, to block possible routes of retreat for the horde, in order to force the horde to cross a river near the village of Martynów, where he planned to ambush them. The Tatar strength is unknown. Leszek Podhorodecki cites a contemporary diarist's estimate of 15,000, calling it a "gross exaggeration". 
Koniecpolski had to lay several possible ambushes, as Khan Temir was a savvy tactician, and would not fall easily into a trap. Eventually, he tricked the Tarars into attacking his lines, and after some feints by both sides, he managed to trick them into attacking a fortified tabor formation. In order to entrap Khan Temir, Koniecpolski created the illusion that his forces were retreating, abandoning high ground and leaving some scattered wagons with supplies, suggesting disorder. The Tatar atteck was absorbed by the Polish cavalry, and a bloody battle ensued, which after about an hour caused the Tatars to break off. Koniecpolski's then pursued them, before withdrawing again, this time luring Tatars into the artillery fire of the tabor formation. This was followed by the charge of all 12 chorągiews of Polish cavalry. In the ensuing retreat, many Tatars drowned in the Dniestr river or nearby muds, and Khan Temir was wounded. Polish forces pursued the fleeing Tatars, and were able to free most of the people the Tatars had captured and were leading into slavery (jasyr). The Polish pursuit ended on the night of 20 to 21 June.
The victory at Martyniów was a major success for Koniecpolski, as it was the biggest Polish victory over the Tatar raiders in a century. At the same time, Khan Temir lost some influence among the Tatars.
Bibliography
Nanukamachi Station (七日町駅, Nanukamachi-eki) is a railway station on the Tadami Line in Aizuwakamatsu, Fukushima Prefecture, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East). Nanukamachi is "七日町" in Japanese. It means that bazaar was held on the seventh day in Edo era. "七日町" is also called "Nanokamachi".
Nanukamachi Station is served by the Tadami Line, and is located 1.3 rail kilometers from the official starting point of the line at Aizu-Wakamatsu Station. It is also served by the Aizu Railway Aizu Line.
Nanukamachi Station has a single side platform serving traffic in both directions. Nanokamachi Station, there is the "EkiCafe.". It is a shop that sells many things of Aizu region, such as traditional sweets. And it also has an information corner about sightseeing in Aizu. The bus for sightseeing of Aizuwakamatsu stops at Nanukamachi station. It calls "Haikara-san".
Nanukamachi Station opened on November 1, 1934. Operations were suspended from June 20 1945 to June 20 1946. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) on April 1, 1987. A new station building was completed July 28, 2002.
Amida Temple
Aizuwakamatsu city hall
Aizuwakamatsu post office
Wakamatsu-Nanukamachi post office
Nisshin Elementary School
Aoi Senior High School
Aizuwakamatsu Xaverio Gakuen
Elementary School
Junior High School
Senior High School
Japan National Route 118
Japan National Route 252
Fukushima Prefectural Route 59
Fukushima Prefectural Route 325
Fukushima Prefectural Route 326
JR East Station information (Japanese)
Aizu Railway Station information (Japanese)
Nanukamachi Street information (Japanese)
The Jerusalem Central Bus Station (Hebrew: התחנה המרכזית של ירושלים‎‎, HaTahanah HaMerkazit Shel Yerushalayim) is the main bus depot in Jerusalem, Israel and one of the busiest bus stations in the country. Located on Jaffa Road near the entrance to the city, it serves Egged, Superbus and Dan intercity bus routes. City buses and light rail trains pick up and discharge passengers across the street on Jaffa Road and on Zalman Shazar Boulevard, which can be accessed via an underground pedestrian passageway.
The Central Bus Station opened in September 2001 on the site of the old Jerusalem Bus Station, built in the 1960s. The old station was a long, single-story building with an open-air bus depot behind it. Passengers embarked and disembarked at curbside on an outdoor platform. In the 1950s, the main bus station was located in the heart of downtown Jerusalem, behind the Pillar Building ("Binyan Ha'amudim") on Jaffa Road.
Jerusalem's new bus station was commissioned in order to accommodate the increasing flow of bus traffic as well as to implement security protocols for screening incoming and outgoing passengers. During construction of the new bus station, operations were moved to a large, two-level parking lot several blocks east on Jaffa Road.
The new Central Bus Station has two levels of underground parking, three main levels, and five upper floors of office space. The first main level is a shopping concourse and food court. The second main level serves as both a shopping concourse and the arrivals hall for incoming intercity bus passengers. Since the building is constructed on the side of a hill, the first and second main levels both have a ground-level entrance/exit to Jaffa Road. Besides retail stores, the concourse includes bakery outlets, a video game parlor, and free-standing gift sellers.
The third main level serves as the departures hall, with 22 bus platforms. Passengers wait at numbered doors for the bus to pull into its slot in the indoor parking lot, then go through the door into the indoor garage to board. Large digital display boards post upcoming departure times.
While most platforms accommodate more than one bus route, popular routes, such as Jerusalem-Tel Aviv, have their own designated platform and run more frequently.
Passengers and their baggage are screened by security personnel every time they enter the Central Bus Station building. That is, departing passengers must go through security clearance when they enter the building from Jaffa Road and may then board buses without additional security checks. Passengers arriving in Jerusalem are dropped off in the garage on the other side of the building. They may choose to exit out to the street—in which case they do not need to pass through security—or to go into the bus station building—in which case they must go through a security check. People wishing to visit only the shopping concourses must also clear security. As is the case for most commercial security checkpoints in Israel, gun owners are exempt from security searches, it being presumed that anyone who has been vetted by the government to carry a loaded firearm in public has no criminal or terrorist intentions. In addition to building security, Egged has its own team of uniformed security personnel patrolling the indoor bus parking lots. In practice, however, the screening is poorly implemented; passengers and visitors can enter the building without passing through screening.
In October 2013 the Environmental Protection Ministry of Israel officially declared the indoor garage where passengers board the buses to be "an excessively polluted space and an endangerment to public health". The levels of nitrogen oxide and respirable particulates generated by exhaust were said to be in violation of Israel's Clean Air Law. In 2012 the bus station received a fine of NIS 708,224 for air pollution, which is still being discussed in court, and in September 2011 the Environmental Protection Ministry ordered the management to "completely separate the bus platform and the building's interior due to high pollution levels".
A station of the Jerusalem Light Rail system is behind the bus stops in front of the Central Bus Station building. A new Heavy rail station, Jerusalem Binyanei HaUma Railway Station, of the planned high-speed Israel Railways line from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, is being constructed in the outdoor square between the Central Bus Station on Jaffa Road and Shazar Boulevard, it will be an underground terminus, scheduled to open in 2017.
There are future plans to extend the high-speed train line from the Central Bus Station to the Jerusalem Malha Train Station, the terminus of the current old railroad.
The decision to include a shopping concourse within the bus station was criticized by the Haredi community. After Haredi activists petitioned the Ministry of Transportation to allow Egged to open a departure point for buses traveling to Haredi destinations that would board outside the Central Bus Station, Egged opened a special platform where passengers boarding its Route 400 to Bnei Brak sit in relative privacy. In addition, the bus company agreed to launch a "mehadrin" Route 402 between Jerusalem and Bnei Brak. This route departs from Egged's city bus terminus at Har Hotzvim in northern Jerusalem, accommodating Haredi riders who wish to avoid the Central Bus Station altogether. The Har Hotzvim terminus has expanded to include "mehadrin" bus departures to other Haredi destinations such as Safed, Ashdod, Haifa, Arad, Kiryat Ata and more. In a ruling of January 2011, the Israeli High Court of Justice stated the unlawfulness of gender segregation and abolished the “mehadrin” public buses. However, the court rule allowed the continuation of the gender segregation in public buses on a voluntary basis for a one-year experimental period.
A second bone of contention was the opening of a McDonald's franchise in the food court. Most McDonald's restaurants, including the one in the Jerusalem city center, do not have kashrut certification from the rabbinate. Although this McDonald's franchise was in the process of applying for a kashrut certificate, and even completed its construction accordingly, the rabbinate conditioned its certification on McDonald's making its other outlets in the city kosher. When McDonald's decided to open a kosher branch but without a certificate, Haredi activists threatened a boycott. The Natzba real-estate firm which owns the bus station canceled McDonald's contract. McDonald's took it to court and won; Natzba was forced to pay it 100,000 shekels in trial expenses. McDonald's opened its franchise in the Central Bus Station, following halachic obligations, but without rabbinical supervision. The Haredi boycott never materialized.
In January 2010, McDonalds reopened with a kosher certificate from the Jerusalem rabbinate, after the company agreed to make changes to satisfy the rabbis. The signs are blue, instead of the traditional red, with "kosher" written in English and Hebrew in big letters. The disposable cartons, bags, wraps, and place mats, are also blue and bear no golden arches, and the staff wears special uniforms.
Tel Aviv Central Bus Station
List of Egged bus routes in Israel
Dan Homepage, English
Egged Homepage, English
Superbus Homepage, Hebrew
A nostalgic website dedicated to HAMEKASHER bus company operated in Jerusalem 1931-1967
William Wallace Wotherspoon (November 16, 1850 – October 21, 1921) was a United States Army general who served as Army Chief of Staff in 1914.
He was born in Washington, D.C., on November 16, 1850. He was educated in private schools and served aboard ship as a mate in the United States Navy from 1870 to 1873.
Wotherspoon was commissioned a second lieutenant and assigned to the 12th Infantry in October 1873. From 1874 to 1881, he served in the West during the Indian wars as a troop officer and quartermaster.
In 1887, while stationed in northern New York, he married Mary C. Adams.
After a year of absence from the Army for being sick, he became the superintendent and did much needed work to expand the Soldiers' Home in Washington, D.C. He then served at Fort Sully and at Mount Vernon Barracks, where he trained a company of Apache prisoners from 1890 to 1894. In 1893 he became an hereditary member of the Aztec Club of 1847.
In 1894, he became aide to General Oliver O. Howard, commander of the Department of the East, and was the Rhode Island College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts (today named the University of Rhode Island) first Professor Military Science and Tactics from 1894 to 1898.
In 1898, while on recruiting duty at Fort McPherson, he organized the 3rd Battalion, 12th Infantry. He served in the Philippines against insurgents and as collector of customs at Iloilo from 1899 to 1901.
In 1901, he was promoted to major and transferred to the 30th Infantry. He commanded the 2nd Battalion, 6th Infantry at Fort Leavenworth and then taught at the Command and General Staff College from 1902 to 1904. He was promoted to lieutenant colonel and assigned to the 14th Infantry in 1904 and later was transferred to the 19th Infantry and became the director of the U.S. Army War College from 1904 to 1906. Wotherspooon was the chief of staff of the Army of Cuban Pacification from 1906 to 1907.
He served as the acting president of the Army War College and chief of the Third Division, General Staff in 1907 and was promoted to brigadier general in October 1907, then became president of the Army War College, serving from 1907 to 1909 and again from 1910 to 1912. Wotherspoon was largely instrumental in transforming the Army War College from an adjunct of the General Staff to an autonomous educational institution, he became assistant to the chief of staff from 1901 to 1910 and again in 1912 to 1914. He was promoted to major general in May 1912 and served as the commander of the Department of the Gulf until that September.
He became the Chief of Staff of the United States Army from April 21 to November 15, 1914 and called attention to shortages of officers and noncommissioned officers for Army missions, emphasized the need to reevaluate coast defenses to meet heavier-gunned battleships, saw establishment of an aviation section in the Signal Corps and the completion of the Panama Canal. Wotherspoon retired from active service on November 16, 1914 and later was New York State Superintendent of Public Works from 1915 – 1920.
He died in Washington, D.C. on October 21, 1921. He was buried with full military honors at Arlington National Cemetery.
Indian Campaign Medal
Spanish War Service Medal
Philippine Campaign Medal
Works by or about William Wallace Wotherspoon at Internet Archive
Luiz Fernando Guimarães (born November 10, 1949 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian actor.
At the beginning of the 1980s, he participated in the Asdrubal Trouxe o Trombone, a group of actors from Rio de Janeiro who wrote, produced, and performed their plays. Regina Casé, Evandro Mesquita, Patrícia Travassos, among others, were his mates at Asdrubal. Luiz Fernando and the Asdrubal were very popular and successful.
During the 1980s he became famous country wide performing TV ads to a government bank. He is famous for his role in Os Normais.
The 2016 United Football League is the seventh season of the UFL since its establishment as a semi-professional league in 2009. Division 2 is disbanded for this season with all teams competing in one division.
The league competition which started in April 30 and will end in late September 2016 will follow a pure double round robin match with no play-offs. For the 2016 edition the foreign player cap is reduced to four from five foreign players in a playing squad of 18 players, including 7 substitutes. At least one of the four maximum allowable foreign players must be from the Asian country. This is to align to the guidelines followed at the AFC Cup and AFC Champions League. However, a club with more than 25 players may have more than four foreign players in their whole squad provided that they comply with the 4-player foreign player limit rule during match day.
Matches are played at the Rizal Memorial Stadium.
The league is composed of 12 clubs.
Last updated: 7 August 2016
Source: UFL League Table
Updated to games played on 7 August 2016.
Source: United Football League (Philippines)
1  ^  The home team is listed in the left-hand column.
Colours: Blue = home team win; Yellow = draw; Red = away team win.
 4  Player scored four goals
 5  Player scored five goals
 6  Player scored six goals
 8  Player scored eight goals
Mysmenidae is a spider family with about 135 described species in around 13 genera. The family is one of the least well known of the orb-weaving spiders because of their small size (0.76 to 3 mm (0.03 to 0.12 in)) and cryptic behaviour. These spiders are found in humid habitats such as among leaf litter and in caves.
Species occur in the Americas, Africa, Asia, Europe, New Guinea and several islands.
As of November 2015, the World Spider Catalog accepted the following genera:
Brasilionata Wunderlich, 1995 (Brazil)
Chanea Miller, Griswold & Yin, 2009
Gaoligonga Miller, Griswold & Yin, 2009
Isela Griswold, 1985 (South Africa)
Maymena Gertsch, 1960 (Central to South America)
Microdipoena Banks, 1895 (USA to Paraguay, Africa)
Mosu Miller, Griswold & Yin, 2009
Mysmena Simon, 1894 (Europe, Asia, Oceania)
Mysmeniola Thaler, 1995 (Venezuela)
Mysmenopsis Simon, 1897 (USA to Peru)
Phricotelus Simon, 1895 (Sri Lanka)
Simaoa Miller, Griswold & Yin, 2009
Trogloneta Simon, 1922 (USA, Europe, Canary Islands)
List of Mysmenidae species
Spider families
Tate Township is one of the fourteen townships of Clermont County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census reported 9,357 people living in the township, 6,646 of whom were in the unincorporated portions of the township.
Located in the southeastern part of the county, it borders the following townships:
Williamsburg Township - north
Pike Township, Brown County - northeast corner
Clark Township, Brown County - east
Lewis Township, Brown County - southeast
Franklin Township - south
Washington Township - southwest
Monroe Township - west
Batavia Township - northwest
The village of Bethel is located in central Tate Township. Public education is provided by the Bethel-Tate School District.
It is the only Tate Township statewide.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.
Township website
County website
Emam Safi (Persian: امام صفي‎‎, also Romanized as Emām Şafī; also known as Emām and Imām Shāfī) is a village in Gazin Rural District, Raghiveh District, Haftgel County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 224, in 32 families.
Energy Management (EM) is a business-specific degree, with a broad curriculum focusing on multiple facets of the energy industry: business (accounting, management, marketing, economics and MIS), geology, petroleum engineering, and law. The American Association of Professional Landmen (AAPL) provides curriculum guidance and program support for approved petroleum land management programs. Currently, the AAPL has 10 accredited universities in the United States and Canada. 
The University of Oklahoma offered the first degree of this kind, emerging in 1958 as the Petroleum Land Management program before becoming the Energy Management program in 1999. The University of Oklahoma program remains one of the top energy management programs in the United States.
Most students pursuing a degree in Energy Management enter the industry as landmen, working with energy companies securing leases for drilling and mineral rights as well as contracting with property owners and energy brokers. It is also common for the landman to work alongside landmen from other companies to secure joint ventures in drilling. There are also career opportunities for EM students in commodities marketing and trading and in international negotiations.
The University of Tulsa, Texas Tech University, University of Calgary, University of Louisiana at Lafayette and Western State College of Colorado all offer similar AAPL approved degrees focusing on energy business education.
OU Energy Management
TU Energy Management
Texas Tech Energy Commerce
AAPL
Suprunenko Vyacheslav Ivanovich president of law firm "Pravozahisnyk".
He was born on September 17, 1976 in Kiev.
In 2003 he graduated from Kiev National University. T. Shevchenko, specialization: "The constitutional and financial law". He has a PhD in Law.
Founded and headed the law firm "Pravozahisnyk" (Kiev), which specializes in representing the interests of the community and upholding human rights.
2002-2006 - deputy of the Kiev City Council of IV convocation
2006-2008 - deputy of the Kiev City Council of the V convocation
2008-2011 - deputy of the Kiev City Council of the VI convocation
member of the сommittee on the budget and the socio-economic development
He is not a member of any political party.
His father is Ivan Suprunenko, born in 1946, a manager on the railroad in Kiev and his mother was Nadezhda Suprunenko who worked in the trust "Yugozapadtransstroy" (Kiev), died in 2001.
Divorced. He has three children: daughter Alina (2000 year of birth), son Leonid (2002), son Ivan (2007).
His brother is Alexander Suprunenko member of parliament (2014 year of election, self-promotion). Member of the Parliamentary Committee on Legal Policy and Justice [1]
Who is Who in Ukraine
Official site of the Kyiv city council
List of deputies of 4th convocation's
List of deputies of 5th convocation's
Site of Suprunenko Vyacheslav
Analysts challenge the existence of political future for the “line-crossers” from Chernovetsky Bloc fraction
Groovin' High is an album by American jazz saxophonist Booker Ervin featuring performances recorded in 1963 and 1964 for the Prestige label.
"Stella by Starlight" was recorded on December 3, 1963, during the same session as The Freedom Book, which also includes this track. "Groovin' High" was recorded on June 30, 1964, during the same session as The Blues Book, which does not include this track. "The Second #2" and "Bass-IX" were recorded on October 2, 1964, along with tracks that appeared on The Space Book. "The Second #2" is an alternate take of "Number Two" from The Space Book, while "Bass-IX" does not appear on that album.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4½ stars and stated: "Although these performances are not quite classic, Booker Ervin fans will want this CD to round out their collections, for Ervin was at the peak of his powers during this era".
"The Second #2" (Ervin) - 6:36
"Groovin' High" (Dizzy Gillespie) - 9:53
"Bass-IX" (Ervin) - 11:45
"Stella by Starlight" (Ned Washington, Victor Young) - 2:50
Booker Ervin - tenor saxophone
Carmell Jones - trumpet (2)
Jaki Byard (1, 3-4), Gildo Mahones (2), - piano
Richard Davis - bass
Alan Dawson - drums
The United States is the largest grower of commercial crops that have been genetically engineered in the world, but not without domestic and international opposition.
Monsanto, based in Creve Coeur, Missouri in the United States, is the leading producer of genetically engineered seed; it sells 90% of the world's GE seeds.
See Farmer Assurance Provision. (This bill is commonly referred to as the “Monsanto Protection Act” by its critics.)
In 1983, environmental groups and protestors delayed the field tests of the genetically modified ice-minus strain of P. syringae with legal challenges.Foundation on Economic Trends v. Heckler, 756 F.2d 143 (D.C. Cir. 1985).
In this case, the plaintiff argued both for mandatory labeling on the basis of consumer demand, and that GMO foods should undergo the same testing requirements as food additives because they are "materially changed" and have potentially unidentified health risks. The plaintiff also alleged that the FDA did not follow the Administrative Procedures Act in formulating and disseminating its policy on GMO's. The federal district court rejected all of those arguments and found that the FDA's determination that GMO's are Generally Recognized as Safe was neither arbitrary nor capricious. The court gave deference to the FDA's process on all issues, leaving future plaintiffs little legal recourse to challenge the FDA's policy on GMO's. (pp. 755–756)  Alliance for Bio-Integrity v Shalala, 116 F.Supp.2d 166 (D.D.C. 2000).
Diamond v. Chakrabarty, 447 U.S. 303 (1980), was a United States Supreme Court case dealing with whether genetically modified organisms can be patented. The Court held that a living, man-made micro-organism is patentable subject matter as a "manufacture" or "composition of matter" within the meaning of the Patent Act of 1952. The fact that the organism sought to be patented is alive is no bar to patentability.
Seed sales
Income from GMO crops
Genetically modified soybeans are a big part of the US agricultural economy
Genetically modified maize (there is also issues with cross-pollination)
Numerous organizations based in the U.S. oppose or have concerns about genetic engineering for various reasons. Groups such as the Center for Food Safety, the nonprofit science advocacy group Union of Concerned Scientists, Greenpeace and the World Wildlife Fund have expressed concerns about the FDA's lack of a requirement for additional testing for GMO's, lack of required labeling and the presumption that GMO's are "Generally Recognized as Safe" (GRAS). Some of these groups have questioned whether the FDA is too close to companies that seek approval for their products.
Although there have been no recorded instances of harm to human health due to the consumption of genetically engineered foods, there is concern over their impact on health. One of the largest food recalls in US history, was the Taco Bell GMO recall, where a Bt corn plant not approved for human consumption due its risk as an allergen, had contaminated food products like the tacos at Taco Bell, and a huge percentage of US's seed supply. No health problems were linked to Starlink corn, and subsequent evaluations of the Bt trait determined that there is medium risk to human health.
The USA is the largest commercial grower of genetically modified crops in the world. United States regulatory policy is governed by the Coordinated Framework for Regulation of Biotechnology. The United States is not a signatory to the Cartagena Protocol on Biosafety. For a genetically modified organism to be approved for release it is assessed by the USDA, the FDA and the EPA. USDA evaluates the plant's potential to become weeds, the FDA reviews plants that could enter or alter the food supply and the EPA regulates the genetically modified plants with pesticide properties. Most developed genetically modified plants are reviewed by at least two of the agencies, with many subject to all three. Final approval can still be denied by individual counties within each state. In 2004, Mendocino County, California became the first and only county to impose a ban on the "Propagation, Cultivation, Raising, and Growing of Genetically Modified Organisms", the measure passing with a 57% majority. (See Mendocino County GMO Ban)
The Biotechnology Regulatory Services program of the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS) agency within the USDA is concerned with protecting agriculture and the environment from potential pests under the Plant Protection Act of 2000 (part of the Agriculture Risk Protection Act) and the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA). Each transgenic event is regulated separately as the transgene insertion locus varies even when using identical constructs and host genotypes. This could result in different expression patterns or could affect the function of other endogenous genes within the host. The USDA is responsible for approving field trials of GM plants under either the notification or permit procedures. The notification procedure is a streamlined process for the simplest or most familiar genetically engineered plants that meet six criteria (is not a noxious weed, the function of the genetic material is known and characterized, stable integration, no significant risk of creating new viruses and that no animal or human pathogen sequences are present). Most field trials are approved under the notification procedure. The permit procedure is much more elaborate and is required for all genetically engineered organisms that do not meet the notification requirements or any plant-made pharmaceuticals or plant-made industrial products.
APHIS officials are responsible for inspecting the field trials. At least one inspection is carried out for each state listed on a permit, while inspection of field trials authorized by notification is conducted based on the relative risk of each trial. For field trials of organisms that contain pharmaceutical or industrial compounds, inspections are carried out more frequently (five times during establishment and twice yearly after that). If the inspectors are satisfied that there are no regulatory concerns they issue a Notice of Compliance. If the regulations are not being adhered to the inspectors will issue a Notice of Non-Compliance requesting that the deviations be fixed, or for more serious breaches a warning letter requiring a written response and corrective action to be taken within a given time frame. Formal investigations are carried out on developers who may not be adhering to regulations, permit conditions, or other requirements, which can result in civil penalties or criminal charges.
In 1993, the USDA proposal to remove regulatory oversight from GM organisms deemed environmentally benign was approved and four GM plants (Flavr Savr tomato, virus-resistant squash, bromoxynil-tolerant cotton and glyphosate-tolerant soybean) obtained non-regulatory status that year. Non-regulated status means that permits and notifications are no longer required for introductions of this organism. Applicants can petition APHIS for non-regulated status if the GM organism poses no more of a plant pest risk than an equivalent non-GM organism. APHIS will prepare at least two documents (an Environmental Assessment and a determination of non-regulatory status) under the NEPA while considering the application.
Four federal district court suits have been brought against APHIS challenging their regulation of GM plants. Two involved field trials (herbicide-tolerant turfgrass in Oregon; pharmaceutical-producing corn and sugar in Hawaii) and the other two were the deregulation of GM alfalfa and GM Sugar Beet. APHIS initially lost all four cases, with the judges ruling they failed to diligently follow the NEPA guidelines. However, the Supreme Court overturned the nationwide ban on GM alfalfa and an appeal court allowed the partial deregulation of GM sugar beet crops. After APHIS prepared Environmental Impact Statements for both crops they were deregulated again.
The FDA is responsible for the safety and security of human and animal food and drugs, including any that are genetically modified. The FDA was responsible for approving the first commercialized GMO, Genetech's genetically modified human insulin (Humulin) in 1982 and the first commercialized GM whole food, Calgene's Flavr Savr tomato in 1994. When evaluating new GM foods or feed the FDA looks for the presence of any new or altered allergens and toxicants and examines changes in the levels of nutritional and anti-nutritional substances. Food and feed that is identical or nearly identical in composition to current products is deemed to be substantially equivalent and is not required to undergo review by the FDA. The FDA has been criticized for using substantial equivalence, with a major accusation being that FDA review is essentially voluntary as almost all GM products are substantially equivalent. However, all GM food and feed currently on the US market (as of 2008) have undergone a FDA consultation, where the developer submits the compositional data and FDA scientist compare it to regular food and feed.
The FDA consultation focuses on whether the new food or feed contains any new allergens or toxic substances and whether the nutritional components of the food or feed have increased or decreased. The developer submits documentation to the FDA describing the food or feed and a FDA assigned caseworker can then request additional information on expected dietary exposure, in particular if any risk groups (children, elderly etc.) might be exposed. As of 2007, the FDA has not identified any genetically modified foods with unexpected changes in the nutrient composition or levels of allergens or toxic substances. However, allergic proteins have been detected when some GM products have undergone testing. Pioneer Hi-Bred inserted a gene from the Brazil nut into transgenic soybean resulting in soy with an enhanced nutritional profile. The inserted gene did not translate into a known allergen at the time, but when tested with serum from people who are allergic to Brazil nut the allergenic nature of the protein was discovered. The development of the transgenic soybean expressing a Brazil nut allergen was stopped after these tests. The FDA consultation process is relatively (when compared to the other agencies regulating GM) informal and they do not approve new GM products. Instead they issue a memo stating whether the new food is the same as or different from the non-modified variety.
The Center for Veterinary Medicine of the FDA regulates genetically modified animals in consultation with Centers at the FDA responsible for regulating pharmaceuticals or other medical products derived from biopharm animals. The FDA also has extra guidelines that apply to genetically modified animals that will be used in the manufacturing and testing of therapeutic products and xenotransplantation. The FDA guidance documents do not establish legally binding laws and are viewed as recommendations, unless specific regulatory or statutory requirements are cited. Any relevant federal, State, or local laws and regulations must also be adhered to.
The EPA regulates substances with pesticide characteristics, looking at potential threats to human health or the environment. They claim not to regulate the genetically modified plants, but the pesticides produced by the plants or properties that change the usage of applied pesticides . This includes; plants engineered to produce resistance to herbicides (e.g. Roundup Ready), plants that produce their own pesticides (e.g. BT) and virus resistant plants. Authority to regulate the pesticide properties in genetically modified organisms was granted in the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FFDCA). The EPA published regulations in 1994 and begun acting on them in 1995. In 1994 they proposed the exemption of three categories of genetically modified plants under their regulation. These were plants where the genetic material originated in sexually compatible plants (cisgenic), plants that used physical barriers to prevent the target pest from attaching itself, and plants expressing viral coat proteins to protect against virus infection. In 2001, rules regarding exemption of cisgenic plants had been finalised. The other two proposed exemptions were still under review in 2010.
The EPA evaluated each submission on a case-by-case basis. The EPA assesses data concerning the characterisation of the end-product of the engineered organism (presently all plants evaluated produce proteins), as well as data on mammalian toxicity, effects on non-target organisms and environmental metabolism. For Bt products the producer must also supply an insect resistance management program. For herbicide resistant plants the EPA co-ordinates with the USDA and FDA, but does not regulate the plant itself. Instead it regulates the herbicide and its use on the new cultivar. The EPA examines the construct used to transform the plant and the biology of recipient plant. The sequence of the resulting protein must be described, expression pattern and intencity verified and any modifications to the protein reported. The EPA considers the potential allergenicity of the product, issues surrounding gene flow into wild species, possible effects on non-target organisms, likelihood of it persisting in the environment and the potential for insect resistance developing when assessing submissions.
Agriculture in the United States
Environmental issues in the United States
Genetic engineering in Hawaii
Newag 6Dg is a diesel powered shunter locomotive, modernised by Newag from the locomotive SM42 series by Fablok. The locomotive has a C27 diesel engine, which reduces emissions in accordance with the standards required since 2009. It is equipped with a microprocessor control system and remote control. In relation to the SM42 series, the locomotive has changed appearance.
The 6D locomotive not only used for maneuvers, but also for running passenger trains and light freight, however, the old SM42 design comes came back to the 1960s which contained big drawbacks due to the design which had caused poor visibility, and the V-combustion engine which caused noise and vibrations. Over the 30-year production period the locomotive did not have any changes . The advantage was the traction which was already achieved in the lower speed engine a8C22. There were attempts to modernise the structure in the 1990s, but this does not go beyond the prototype stage (SM42-2000). It was only in 2007, when the company Newag from Nowy Sącz had drafted a total modernisation of the SM42 class. The modernisation included a higher speed, turbocharged diesel engine coupled with an AC generator in place with a dynamo.
In the railway world the locomotive is called Kiosk due to its streamline and box type structure.
Estádio Zequinha Roriz is a stadium in Luziânia, Brazil. It has a capacity of 22,000 spectators. It is the home of Associação Atlética Luziânia.
Malawi Cricket Union is the official governing body of the sport of cricket in Malawi. Its current headquarters is in Blantyre, Malawi. Malawi Cricket Union is Malawi's representative at the International Cricket Council and is an affiliate member and has been a member of that body since 1998. It is also a member of the African Cricket Association.
Cricinfo-Malawi
Adésio Alves Machado (12 January 1933 – 2 July 2009) was a Brazilian footballer who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Telecaribe is a regional television network for the Caribbean region of Colombia.
The station was set up in the early 1980s in Valledupar, Colombia and was created by a local entrepreneur named Jose Jorge Dangond. It started as a pirate TV station and as a personal hobby with aficionado equipment brought from the United States, transmitting American movies and local vallenato musical groups, including first versions of the Vallenato Legend Festival. Dangond's family and friends in Valledupar nicknamed it Televallenato or Rope TV, because all the antennae and equipment were attached with ropes onto one of the highest buildings in the city.
By 1986 the Colombian Ministry of Communications detected the channel's pirate signal and seized all the equipment. Dangond then started a legal battle to legalize the channel, which developed into a congressional proposal toZ create regional TV channels for every region of Colombia. Thus were born Telecaribe, Teleantioquia, Telepacífico, and other regional TV stations.
On this same year, the station formally became Telecaribe, and the main equipment and studios were then moved to Barranquilla where it continued to develop and cover the entirety of Colombia's Caribbean region by setting up franchises or TV stations in the seven major cities of this region. Dangond was his promoter and first director for almost 6 years before he was appointed consul general in Venezuela.
TELECARIBE is the third national TV channel most watched in northern Colombia.
Official Site (Spanish)
Portugal Day, officially Day of Portugal, Camões, and the Portuguese Communities (Portuguese: Dia de Portugal, de Camões e das Comunidades Portuguesas), is Portugal's National Day celebrated annually on 10 June.
Although officially observed only in Portugal, Portuguese citizens and emigrants throughout the world celebrate this holiday. The date commemorates the death of national literary icon Luís de Camões on 10 June 1580.
Camões wrote Os Lusíadas (usually translated as The Lusiads), Portugal's national epic poem celebrating Portuguese history and achievements. The poem focuses mainly on the 15th-century Portuguese explorations, which brought fame and fortune to the country. The poem, considered one of the finest and most important works in Portuguese literature, became a symbol for the great feats of the Portuguese Empire.
Camões was an adventurer who lost one eye fighting in Ceuta, wrote the poem while traveling, and survived a shipwreck in Cochinchina (a region of present-day Vietnam). According to popular folklore, Camões saved his epic poem by swimming with one arm while keeping the other arm above water. Since his date of birth is unknown, his date of death is celebrated as Portugal's National Day.
Although Camões became a symbol for Portugal nationalism, his death coincided with the Portuguese succession crisis of 1580 that eventually resulted in Philip II of Spain claiming the Portuguese throne. Portugal was then ruled by three generations of Spanish kings during the Iberian Union (1580–1640). On 1 December 1640, the country regained its independence once again by expelling the Spanish during the Portuguese Restoration War and making John of Bragança, King John IV of Portugal.
During the authoritarian Estado Novo regime in the 20th century, Camões was used as a symbol for the Portuguese nation. In 1944, at the dedication ceremony of the National Stadium in Oeiras (near Lisbon), Prime Minister of Portugal António de Oliveira Salazar referred to 10 June as Dia da Raça (Day of the Portuguese Race). The notion of a Portuguese "race" served his nationalist purposes.
Portugal Day celebrations were officially suspended during the Carnation Revolution in 1974. Celebrations resumed after 1974 and were expanded to include the Comunidades Portuguesas, Portuguese emigrants and their descendants living in communities all around the world.
The celebrations involve various military ceremonies, exhibitions, concerts, pageants and parades, and an awards ceremony by the President of the Portuguese Republic. Every year, the President chooses a city to host the official celebrations:
In 2013 the official celebrations took place in the town of Elvas, the second time since 1997. One reason that Elvas had been chosen was that it had been classified in 2012 as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO, and is one of the most important cities in Portugal at the military level and the most fortified city in Europe.
In 2016 for the first time the official ceremonies were divided between Lisbon and Paris, in France, by the initiative of president Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa as a reminder that it is also the day of the Portuguese communities throughout the word .
In Toronto, Ontario, over 200,000 Portuguese Canadians celebrate by holding a multitude of events surrounding the 10 June date. The week-long festival culminates with the Portugal Day Parade on Dundas Street, in the area known as Little Portugal. The parade ends near Trinity Bellwoods Park, where concerts, cultural events and various other activities take place. The Portugal Day Parade is Toronto's third-largest street festival and first celebrated in 1966.
In London, England, Portuguese Britons celebrate the holiday annually as part of the UK Day of Portugal events. In 2009, festivities were held on 21 June in Streatham Common Park. In 2010 and 2011, festivities were celebrated on 13 June and 12 June, respectively, in Kennington Park, southeast London, in the area known as Little Portugal.
The 2012 observance was held on 10 June in Kennington Park. The officials and athletes representing Portugal at the 2012 Summer Olympics were based in Little Portugal near Kennington Park, and attended Portugal Day 2012 in Kennington Park.  In 2013, the event was held on Sunday, 9 June 2013 in Kennington Park as in previous years.
In 2014 the event was not held, but was held in 2015 on Sunday June 14 in Streatham Common Park and this was the first time that a fee was charged to enter. The event in 2016 was also planned to be a paid event on Sunday June 12 in Streatham Common Park, but was cancelled due to heavy rain.
Portuguese Americans celebrate the holiday throughout the country, especially in Portuguese-American neighborhoods.
In Newark, New Jersey, the Portugal Day Festival in Newark is held on the weekend closest to 10 June. Organized by the Bernardino Coutinho Foundation from 1979 to 2010, since 2011 the festival has been organized by the Union of Portuguese-American Clubs of New Jersey (UCLANJ: União de Clubes Luso-Americanos de New Jersey).
In Mineola, New York, the Nassau County Portugal Day Celebration is held annually at the Theodore Roosevelt Legislative & Executive Building by the Offices of the County Executive Ed Mangano, Comptroller George Maragos and a dozen Portuguese-American clubs and organizations. In 2013, the event was held on Monday 10 June 2013 and featured the Ambassador of Portugal to the United States, Nuno Brito, as the Keynote Speaker. The event was first organized by Gabriel Silva Marques, who still serves as the Event Chairman. In 2012, the first Portuguese-American New York State Senator Jack M. Martins was named "Nassau County Portuguese-American of the Year" and made any honorary chairman of the event.
In New York City, New York, a celebration of Portugal Day 2013 will be held in Central Park. The event will take place on 16 June and will consist of a five-mile run and kids' races for ages 2 to 12. In addition, a Portuguese festival will be held, including sampling of Portuguese products and performances by Portuguese artists. The event is organized by the Portuguese Circle.
In Providence, Rhode Island, there is an annual Day of Portugal and Portuguese Heritage event.
In San Jose, California, the Portuguese Heritage Society of California organizes Dia de Portugal California in the city's History Park, the location of the Portuguese Historical Museum.
In Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the Philadelphia Portuguese Heritage Commission organizes Portugal Day at Penn's Landing, where the Portuguese ship Gazela is docked.
Community of Portuguese Language Countries
Portuguese Heritage Society (Mineola, New York)
Public holidays in Portugal
Day of Portugal site from the President of Portugal
Day of Portugal in London 2013, England
Day of Portugal in Rhode Island, United States
Day of Portugal in California, United States
Day of Portugal in New York, United States
Portugal Day Celebration in Nassau County, United States
Uesato (written: 上里) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Kazumasa Uesato (上里 一将, born 1986), Japanese footballer
Takumi Uesato (上里 琢文, born 1990), Japanese footballer
Haskovo Cove (Zaliv Haskovo \\'za-liv 'ha-sko-vo\\) is a 2.1 km wide cove indenting for 1 km the northern coast of Greenwich Island between Aprilov Point and Miletich Point in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. Situated next east of Crutch Peaks, southwest of Ongley Island and northwest of Sevtopolis Peak. Shape enhanced as a result of Teteven Glacier’s retreat in the late 20th and early 21st century. The cove is named after the city of Haskovo in Southeastern Bulgaria.
The cove is located at 62°27′03″S 59°54′20″W (British mapping in 1968, and Bulgarian mapping in 2005 and 2009).
L.L. Ivanov et al. Antarctica: Livingston Island and Greenwich Island, South Shetland Islands. Scale 1:100000 topographic map. Sofia: Antarctic Place-names Commission of Bulgaria, 2005.
L.L. Ivanov. Antarctica: Livingston Island and Greenwich, Robert, Snow and Smith Islands. Scale 1:120000 topographic map. Troyan: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2009.